{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\comment begin body}
{\info 
{\title {\comment ReplicaNet and RNLobby  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
1 \par
}}ReplicaNet and RNLobby}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2020\mo8\dy16\hr20\min8\sec37}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt TITLE}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version 1\par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt CREATEDATE}}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
The ReplicaNet and RNLobby family\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v The ReplicaNet and RNLobby family}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaNet} and {\b RNROLCompiler} work together to provide a high level object oriented class management system. ReplicaNet uses the session management features of {\b XPSession} and this library can be used instead of ReplicaNet for those that only require data and session management. The transport system used by XPSession and ReplicaNet is provided by {\b XPURL} which includes a configurable reliable UDP protocol. XPURL uses {\b XPSockets} which provides a thin platform agnostic socket layer.\par{\b RNLobby} provides lobby and matchmaking services. It is a system designed to work with ReplicaNet / XPSession / XPURL but can also be used separately.\par{\b RNPlatform} is a platform agnostic library providing support for serialisation, threads, synchronisation and other OS APIs.\par \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
ReplicaNet{\tc \v ReplicaNet}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPR}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
{\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet} is a management class that enables different {\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject} derived C++ classes to be created, destroyed and updated across a network of computers without having to worry about specific network programing knowledge.\par To enable integration between the ReplicaNet system and the user classes a tool is used to create extra class definitions to be used in the project.\par ReplicaNet uses an XPSession as the base network layer and expands upon it.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using ReplicaNet
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using ReplicaNet}
ReplicaNet include files are in the Includes directory. Use "RNReplicaNet/Inc/ReplicaNet.h" to access all of the C++ interface to the {\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet} class.\par {\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet} is primarily a multi-threaded library as the session framework uses threads to reduce CPU load. Single-threading is supported by means of using a {\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet::Poll()} call to ensure data is processed regularly.\par To allow ReplicaNet to include debugging information, that can be used with the ReplicaNet Visual Debugger, use the preprocessor to define REPLICANET_VISUALDEBUGGER , however {\b please note}  including this define adds extra debugging information as plain text that may not be wanted in final publicly released versions of applications. \par Compile and link with ReplicaNetPublic/AmalgamatedReplicaNet.cpp\par This source file is the amalgamated source for the ReplicaNet and RNLobby client APIs from Replica Software. Individual source files are available in the full SDK. Be sure to set a path to the Includes directory.\par When not using ReplicaObject derived classes use the pre-processor define REPLICANET_NO_REPLICA_OBJECTS\par When not using RNLobby components use the pre-processor define REPLICANET_REMOVE_RNLOBBY\par \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
RNLobby{\tc \v RNLobby}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPS}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
The namespace RNLobby provides classes for lobby related functionality broadly related to these areas:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Binary difference patch creation and delivery. (RNMakePatches tool / Patcher)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Backend availability and TitleID verification. (RLSrvBackend / BackendServer / BackendClient)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Internet CD/License key verification. (RLSrvCode / CodeServer / CodeClient)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NAT Detection. (RLSrvNATDetect / NATDetectServer / NATDetectClient)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NAT Resolving. (RLSrvNAT / NATResolver) TransportNATUDP for use with XPURL/XPSession/ReplicaNet uses NATResolver.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Advertising and querying of sessions. (RLSrvAdvertise / AdvertiseServer / AdvertiseClient)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
User account create/authenticate, friends list, game invites, chat rooms and persistent data storage. (RLSrvUser / UserServer / UserClient)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Statistics and ranking. (RLSrvStat / StatServer / StatClient)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Utility services. (RLSrvUtility / UtilityServer)\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Components
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Components}
Each component may use the RNLobby.com hosted services or custom user hosted services. \parTo use RNLobby NATUDP transports in XPURL, XPSession or ReplicaNet call RNLobby::RegisterDefaultTransports() before allocating any XPURL, XPSession or ReplicaNet instances. The Transport protocol is NATUDP@ and passing this to XPURL::FindTransport(), XPSession::Create() or ReplicaNet::SessionCreate() will cause this transport to be used. \parTo use the RNLobby.com hosted servers RNLobby::BackendClient must be used to verify the titleID and encryptionKey. This ensures each components connects to the correct server with the correct internally defined encryption key. When using BackendClient in your own development and test applications use TitleID 1002 and key "ngjfyt64ert" to access the rnlobby.com development server. The rnlobby.com development server is not built to handle many requests and is for small scale tests of less than 64 connections only. The development server may also be restarted for updates without warning. The service status report can be accessed from the following page ( {\f2 http://www.rnlobby.com/RLSrvMonitor.html} ). Larger scale tests using the RNLobby.com hosted servers must apply to technical support for a dedicated titleID and encryptionKey. User hosting of RNLobby components may also use RNLobby::BackendClient verification using RNLobby::BackendServer, but it is not mandatory to do so. \parNOTE: When using the classes in this library the network stack will be initialised if not already started by other ReplicaNet classes. PlatformHeap::ForceFree() can be used to shutdown the network stack and other internally allocated memory. Using XPURL::ShutdownNetwork(true) or {\b XPSock_Quit()} can be used to only shutdown the XPURL or lower level network stack. \parNOTE: This version of RNLobby is in the alpha stage of development and as such may be subject to substantial changes until beta.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Pre-built servers
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Pre-built servers}
The Windows pre-built RNLobby servers are available in ReplicaNetPublic. These applications are designed to to be installed as a Windows service or as a DOS command line application. Using a command line of '-?' will display the help for each server. Each application name starts with RLSrv and implements each major RNLobby server component. For example RLSrvAdvertise implements RNLobby::AdvertiseServer. The exception to this rule is RLSrvMonitor which can be configured to regularly create an HTML report of running services, the default output file is RLSrvMonitor although this can be changed by using the -file command line parameter. If these servers are installed as Windows services they are configured to automatically start when Windows starts and to restart if the service encounters a runtime error or exception.\par For example, if a Windows server is using MySQL and has two IP addresses 1.0.0.1 and 1.0.0.2 then the following commands will configure the RNLobby servers to use their default address and port configurations and start as Windows services. (Two IP addresses are needed for the NATDetectServer to operate correctly.)\par{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvMonitor.exe /i /s -file C:\\Inetpub\\wwwroot\\RLSrvMonitor.html\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvBackend.exe /p MySQL /i /s -dstart -addr 0.0.0.0:4001\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvNATDetect.exe /i /s -addr 1.0.0.1:4004 -addr2 1.0.0.1:4005 -addr 1.0.0.2:4006 -addr2 1.0.0.2:4007\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvNAT.exe /i /s -dstart\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvAdvertise.exe /p MySQL /i /s -dstart\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvUser.exe /p MySQL /i /s -dstart\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvStat.exe /p MySQL /i /s -dstart\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvCode.exe /i /s -dstart -file cdkeys.txt\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RLSrvUtility.exe /p MySQL /i /s -dstart \parNOTE: The current directory for RL services is the same directory as the executable. RLSrvMonitor will output a report to the current directory if there is no full path given. In this example the path is the wwwroot directory of an IIS server. The servers Backend, Advertise, User and Stat all access the database so these will wait for the MySQL database to start using the /p command. The Code server will need a list of CD keys in the "cdkeys.txt" file. In this example the "cdkeys.txt" file is in the same directory as the service executable.\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SQL Database
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v SQL Database}
Some of the RNLobby server classes use an SQL database (check the class documentation to see if it uses a database) to store information and each class documents any tables used. RNlobby client classes do not require a database to be installed. The RNLobby DB can be prepared by using: RNSQL.exe <ReplicaNetPublic\\RNLobby\\SQL\\CreateTables.sql The RNODBCSQL library is used for database access which implements a wrapper around the ODBC API. Configuring a database is beyond the scope of this documentation however the ODBC Data Source Name (DSN) to use is "RNLobby" (without the quotes). When using Windows the DSN should be a System DSN to allow access to server components that are installed as Windows services. RNLobby has been tested with MySQL Server 5.6.13 with Connector-ODBC 5.2.5 as well as PostgreSQL 9.1.5 with PostgreSQL ODBC Driver v09.02.0100-1. The RNLobby services will automatically detect which database is being used for their SQL queries.\par For MySQL you will need the database and ODBC connector installs available from {\f2 http://www.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/5.1.html} and {\f2 http://www.mysql.com/downloads/connector/odbc/} \par The MySQL GUI tools available from {\f2 http://www.mysql.com/downloads/workbench/} are also useful.\par For PostgreSQL download the software from {\f2 http://www.postgresql.org/} \par\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Web integration
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Web integration}
The RNLobby database can be integrated with a web reporting backend. The RLSrvUtility server is designed to be used by any web server side scripting host such as ASP.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GameLobby integration
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v GameLobby integration}
The GameLobby (RLHub project and source code in the developer premier package) uses a local host TCP socket to communicate user information with other processes.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Thread safety
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Thread safety}
Most classes in this library use callbacks to exchange information with the user. During these callbacks the component class mutex may be locked and care must be taken to avoid deadlock situations when calling other user defined classes, especially when user defined classes access the same component class from a different thread.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using RNLobby
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using RNLobby}
RNLobby include files are in the Includes directory "RNLobby/Inc/".\par To link follow the instructions at {\b Using ReplicaNet} \par \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
RNPlatform{\tc \v RNPlatform}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPT}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
This section contains documentation about the RNPlatform include files. This library typically contains small modules common to ReplicaNet and RNLobby or modules with platform specific code such as the memory tracking or threading classes. For Windows memory tracking builds. The header {\b MemoryTracking.h} will test for _CRTDBG_MAP_ALLOC and include crtdbg.h and use CRT debug new. RNPLATFORM_DO_NOT_DEFINE_DEBUG_NEW can be defined to switch off DEBUG_NEW macro generation if the application already defines the use of the CRT debug new mechanism elsewhere. \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
RNROLCompiler{\tc \v RNROLCompiler}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPU}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
RNROLCompiler is a utility to aid in creating the files needed to enable classes to use the ReplicaNet replica object interface.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using the RNROLCompiler
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using the RNROLCompiler}
The compiler is called RNROLCompiler.exe and is in the RNROLCompiler\\bin directory.\par\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Command line parameters
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Command line parameters}
The compiler takes an input file and two optional output files. If no output files are given then the input ROL filename is used to generate the output CPP and H file names. For example RNROLCompiler.exe <input.rol> <output.cpp> <output.h>\par The output cpp and h files can then be included in a project.\par Verbose output while compiling can be switched on using the -vx command where 'x' is a number from 0 to 3.\par -v0 Turns off verbose output\par -v1 Turns on compile time display\par -v2 Adds class parsing and compiling status\par -v3 Adds what files are being opened and closed\par Additional include directories can be set by using -I\par Pre-compiled header files can be added to the output cpp by using -P. For example: -Pstdafx.h will add #include "stdafx.h" to the start of the output cpp file.\par\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
The ROL Language and using it with development tools
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v The ROL Language and using it with development tools}
The syntax processing of the language is fairly relaxed so that parameters can be included in brackets or not. For example:{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Function AMemberFunction; }
 and{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Function (AMemberFunction); }
 are equivalent\parThe preprocessor commands:\par {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid #include "Object.lang"          // This includes the file Object.lang\par
#includeclass object            // This includes the "object" class\par
}
 Can be used to include files or class names. It is usually not neccassary to use the include directives since the RNROLCompiler will search for class definitions automatically.\par
The standard language include files used by the compiler for definitions of certain base types are located in RNROLCompiler\\lang. The standard types can be extended and extra comands added by creating extra 'lang' files or by including the definitions in 'rol' files. For example:\par In a file called MyDatablock.lang {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid class MyDatablock : std_datablock\par
\{\par
    MyDatablock(x)                      _MY_REGISTER_MACRO(x);\par
\par
    SetError(x)                         _MY_REGISTER_MACRO_SETERROR(x);\par
\par
    SetDeltaV1(x)                       _MY_REGISTER_MACRO_SETDELTAV1(x);\par
\};\par
}
\par
And in an object rol file {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid object TestExtension\par
\{\par
    datablock MyDatablock;\par
\par
    networking\par
    \{\par
        MyDatablock mPosition.x;\par
    \}\par
\}\par
}
 Or if TestExtension is part of a C++ namespace called Foo then use {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid namespace Foo\par
\{\par
    object TestExtension\par
    \{\par
        datablock MyDatablock;\par
\par
        networking\par
        \{\par
            MyDatablock mPosition.x;\par
        \}\par
    \}\par
\}\par
}
 The worked examples in the ReplicaNet SDK show how to extend datablocks in more detail.\par \parTo use the compiler with MS VC++ you can use custom build rules per file.\par Example:\par To build _RO_Object.rol and include this in the project use the custom build rule:\par ..\\RNROLCompiler\\bin\\RNROLCompiler.exe $(InputName).rol $(InputName).cpp $(InputName).h\par Or you could use: ..\\RNROLCompiler\\bin\\RNROLCompiler.exe $(InputPath) $(InputName).cpp $(InputName).h\par Or even use: ..\\RNROLCompiler\\bin\\RNROLCompiler.exe $(InputPath)\par And for the file output box use:\par $(InputName).cpp\par $(InputName).h\par For MS VC++ 6.0 The carriage return between the cpp and h file is important otherwise MSVC will get confused with build dependency and may rebuild the output files unnecessarily.\par Note: This assumes the RNROLCompiler directory is one directory 'below' your project build directory.\par \par The {\b tutorial section}  shows in much greater how to add these build rules to a ReplicaNet project. ROL Files must end with a blank line and a carriage return.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Example scripts
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Example scripts}
To define a class called 'Test' and tell ReplicaNet that it has three floats in the form of a struct Position\par First define our class. This should be defined in a file called "Test.h" {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid #include "_RO_Test.h"\par
\par
class Test : _RO_DO_PUBLIC_RO(Test)     // Note that we include the definition for the ReplicaNet class\par
\{\par
public:\par
    Test() \{\};\par
    virtual ~Test() \{\};\par
\par
    struct Position\par
    \{\par
        float x,y,z;\par
    \};\par
\par
    Position mPosition;\par
\};\par
}
\par
This section should be saved in to a file called "_RO_Test.rol" and compiled with 'RNROLCompiler _RO_Test.rol _RO_Test.cpp _RO_Test.h' {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid object Test\par
\{\par
    datablock Predict_Float;\par
\par
    networking\par
    \{\par
        Predict_Float mPosition.x;\par
        \{\par
            SetMaxError(0.5f);\par
            SetInterpolationFilter(0.5f);\par
        \}\par
        Predict_Float mPosition.y;\par
            SetMaxError(2.0f);\par
        Predict_Float mPosition.z;\par
    \}\par
\}\par
}
 This will produce a _RO_Test.cpp and _RO_Test.h that can be included in the project<br>\par To link in the object in to the ReplicaNet framework then create another file and use the 'application' keyword to include a reference to the class name.\par This example should be saved in a file called "_Def_App.rol" and compiled with 'RNROLCompiler _Def_App.rol _Def_App.cpp _Def_App.h' {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid application\par
\{\par
    object Test;\par
\}\par
}
 \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
XPSession{\tc \v XPSession}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPV}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
A network session class. This handles machines joining and leaving a session.\par This is a general purpose class for interfacing with the known transports and maintaining a stable interface between various connected machines. This class enables packets of data to be sent to a specific session ID or to all sessions as a broadcast. In addition to this the class also offers a standard time interface that gives a synchronised shared time between all connected machines. A {\b RNReplicaNet::XPSession} is used as the main basis underneath a {\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet} session.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using XPSession
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using XPSession}
Include files are in the Includes directory. Use "RNXPSession/Inc/XPSession.h" to access all of the C++ interface to the {\b RNReplicaNet::XPSession} class.\par {\b RNReplicaNet::XPSession} is primarily a multi-threaded library as the framework uses threads to reduce CPU load. Single-threading is supported by means of using a Poll() call to ensure data is processed regularly.\par \par To link follow the instructions at {\b Using ReplicaNet} \par \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
XPSockets{\tc \v XPSockets}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPW}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
XPSockets is a method for accessing TCPIP networking functions from a cross platform common layer\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using XPSockets
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using XPSockets}
Include files are in the Includes directory.\par Use "XPSockets.h" to access all the C++ insterface to sockets or, include "XPSocket.h" to only use the old C style functions.\par \par There are four compiled libraries in the Libs directory:\par XPSocketsDS and XPSocketsRS for debug and release single thread applications.\par XPSocketsDM and XPSocketsRM for debug and release multi-threaded applications.\par XPSocketsDMDLL and XPSocketsRMDLL for debug and release multi-threaded DLL applications.\par \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
XPURL{\tc \v XPURL}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPX}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
{\b RNReplicaNet::XPURL} decodes and encodes URLs and acts as a common method for interfacing various networking protocols.\par A Transport is a high level network connection that can be found or registered by {\b RNReplicaNet::XPURL}.\par For testing purposes the network performance, even of local host tests, can be emulated by the {\b RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation} class.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using XPURL
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using XPURL}
Include files are in the Includes directory.\par Use "RNXPURL/Inc/XPURL.h" to access all the C++ interface to XPURL\par \par To link follow the instructions at {\b Using ReplicaNet} \par \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
RNSimpleScriptCompiler{\tc \v RNSimpleScriptCompiler}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPY}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Introduction}
RNSimpleScriptCompiler compiles script files and produces binary output. The binary output uses a virtual machine instruction set and is designed to be simple to execute without much internal state needed.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using the RNSimpleScriptCompiler
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using the RNSimpleScriptCompiler}
The compiler is called RNSimpleScriptCompiler.exe and is in the RNSimpleScriptCompiler directory.\par \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Command line parameters
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Command line parameters}
The compiler accepts options followed by input file(s). If more than one input file is supplied then they are all linked into one output in the input order.\par -h[L] Display help [with language]\par -o <file> Place the output into "file". If no output file is supplied then the first input file is used as a root name and the extensions bin and bnd are appended.\par -I <path> Include files from the supplied path. The compiler will automatically look for "*.lang" files in a "lang" directory near the executable and the source file being parsed.<.br> -vI Output verbose information about include files searched. -O1 Optimisation level 1. Optimises some common instruction sequences.\par This also strips unused procedures if the procedure is enclosed in in labels beginning with "._startOfSection_" and "._endOfSection_" and there are no external references to the function.\par\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
The SimpleScript language and using it with development tools
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v The SimpleScript language and using it with development tools}
There is a high level language similar to BASIC which is compiled into the virtual machine instruction set. Both the high level language and the machine instruction set are available for use.\par
The text file parsing includes directives such as:\par #Include <filename>\par #Define source destination\par #pragma once\parThe high level language includes commands such as:\par Command: Data value[,value][,value...]\par Stores data in memory either using integer or floating point depending on the type of the data\par Command: Decl <variable name>="">\par Declares a variable name either as a global variable or a local stack based variable.\par Command: DefProc <procedure name>="">[(<variable>[,<variable>][,<variable>...])]\par Defined a procedure name with an optional list of input variable names used as parameters.\par Command: EndIf\par Command: EndProc\par Command: Goto label\par Command: If (value OP value)\par Where: value can be a value or a variable. OP can be > >= < <= == !=\par Command: Label label\par Where: label can be prefixed with a '.' to turn off name decoration\par Command: Return [value]\par Where value can be a variable or a value\par \par The virtual machine has 32 registers, program counter and a stack. r0 is always a constant 0. The register name "sl" is special and corresponds to the last register r31.\par Command: AsmAdd rd,rx,ry\par Command: AsmAddr rd,label or AsmAddr rx,#<int>\par Where label is the label name or <int> is an offset from the start of this instruction in memory.\par Command: AsmBranch [EQ/NE/LT/GT/LE/GE] [PP] .label\par Command: AsmCmp rd,rx\par Command: AsmDiv rd,rx,ry\par Divide always promotes the result to a float value.\par Command: AsmExternal #int\par Command: AsmGetFloat rd,#float\par Command: AsmGetInt rd,#int\par Command: AsmGetNData rd,"string"\par Command: AsmLoadReg rd,rx\par Where rx is used as the address of the register to load from in memory. Each register is 64 bits long.\par Command: AsmMul rd,rx,ry\par Command: AsmNOP\par Command: AsmPop rd\par The sl register will also be decremented by one. If the target register is r0 then this will cause the original pushing register to be updated.\par Command: AsmPush rs\par The sl register will also be incremented by one.\par Command: AsmPushPC #<int>\par Where <int> is a value to add to the pushed PC value based from the start of the instruction address\par The sl register will also be incremented by one.\par Command: AsmRet\par The sl register will also be decremented by one.\par Command: AsmStoreReg rd,rx\par Where rx is used as the address of the register to load from in memory. Each register is 64 bits long.\par Command: AsmSub rd,rx,ry\par\par \par This code demonstrates a procedure (DefProc) with variables, loops (Goto) and conditional expressions (If/EndIf). {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid DefProc testDoFibonacci(start)\par
    Decl var1,var2,temp\par
    var1 = start\par
    var2 = start\par
Label loop\par
    temp = var1 + var2\par
    var1 = var2\par
    var2 = temp\par
    If temp > 1000\par
        Return var1\par
    EndIf\par
    Goto loop\par
EndProc\par
}
\par
Compiling and examining the debug output will show the above code has been translated into code like:\par {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Label ._proctestDoFibonacci\par
AsmPush r31\par
AsmAdd r31,r0,r0        // Same as move\par
AsmPush r9\par
AsmPush r10\par
AsmPush r11\par
AsmAdd r9,r1,r0     // Same as move\par
AsmAdd r10,r1,r0        // Same as move\par
Label .inFunc_testDoFibonacciloop\par
AsmAdd r11,r9,r10\par
AsmAdd r9,r10,r0        // Same as move\par
AsmAdd r10,r11,r0       // Same as move\par
AsmPush r12\par
AsmGetInt r12,#1000\par
AsmCmp r11,r12\par
AsmPop r12\par
AsmBranch LE inFunc_testDoFibonacciloop\par
Label .inFunc_testDoFibonaccimdif5l1e\par
AsmAdd r1,r9,r0     // Same as move\par
AsmBranch _proc_PopStackFrames\par
Label .inFunc_testDoFibonaccienif5l1e\par
AsmBranch inFunc_testDoFibonacciloop\par
Label ._outprocinFunc_testDoFibonacci\par
AsmBranch _proc_PopStackFrames\par
\par
Label ._proc_PopStackFramesPop\par
AsmPop r0\par
Label ._proc_PopStackFrames\par
AsmCmp r31,r0\par
AsmBranch GT _proc_PopStackFramesPop\par
AsmPop r31\par
AsmRet}
\par
Note how the Asm prefixed instructions are being used. Note how r31 is used as a function prologue to maintain a count of registers pushed and popped onto the stack during this function. The common function epilogue starts at _proc_PopStackFrames and this pops the original registers for the number of values in r31. Also note how r0 is used with AsmAdd. Since r0 is always 0 this is the same as moving the other source register into the destination.\par r1 is used as a return value for a procedure and the registers r1, r2, r3... in sequence are used for entry parameters.\par
\par \par Example12 contains Example12Script.txt which demonstrates StatServer specific code.\parA sister tool for the compiler is the debugger called RNSimpleScriptDebugger.exe and located in the same directory. This tool will display register and debug information when running a compiled script and can aid in debugging script problems.\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Using GCC to compile C++/C for SimpleScript
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Using GCC to compile C++/C for SimpleScript}
The SimpleScript compiler can now accept ARM code in GCC assembler format. This means any language supported by GCC ARM builds can be used by SimpleScript.\par
The SimpleScript compiler will switch to GCC ARM assembler mode when it encounters ".cpu arm2" and will return to normal SimpleScript mode when it encounters the ".ident" followed by some quoted text. Since SimpleScript register r0 is always zero then all GCC ARM instructions will start shift the registers up one, so ARM R0 becomes SimpleScript R1, GCC ARM R1 becomes SimpleScript R2 and so on. It is possible to mix SimpleScript and GCC ARM assembler code in the same file or include or pass in ARM ASM files. For example:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid // Tests ARM ASM interop\par
AsmBranch RunTest\par
\par
Label .GCCAValue                    // Setup a SimpleScript label so that GCC can access it.\par
Data 100\par
\par
// Some GCC style ARM code\par
    .cpu arm2\par
    .section    .text.AnARMSection,"axG",%progbits,_ZN3BarD5Ev,comdat\par
\par
RunTestARM:\par
    .fnstart\par
\par
    mov r1 , #250\par
    ldr r2 , AValue\par
    add r0 , r0 , r1\par
    add r0 , r0 , r2\par
    bx lr\par
\par
    .fnend\par
\par
    .ident  "some text"\par
\par
// Now back to SimpleScript code due to the above .ident\par
Label .RunTest\par
// Standard function prolog\par
AsmPush sl\par
AsmAdd sl , r0 , r0\par
\par
AsmGetInt r1,#1                     // Effectively setup ARM register R0, remember ARM registers start at SimpleScript register R1 since R0 is always 0\par
AsmAddr r15 , _proc_PopStackFrames  // Effectively point the ARM r14 (lr) which is really SimpleScript r15\par
AsmBranch GCCRunTestARM\par
\par
\par
#include <FunctionEpilogue.lang>\par
}
\par
If the above code is compiled and then executed with the RNSimpleScriptDebugger starting at address 0 then at exit SimpleScript R1 (GCC ARM r0) will be 351, as expected. GCC ARM code at GCCRunTestARM. Note all GCC ARM labels are automatically prefixed by the compiler with "GCC" to make them obvious. If GCC ARM code needs to access labels outside of the GCC ARM code then prefix the label with "GCC". This is why the code uses a label GCCAValue. The GCC ARM code at RunTestARM is then executed, it moves 250 to GCC ARM r1, loads AValue (GCCAValue) into GCC ARM r1, it then calculates r0 = r0 + r1 + r2. Lastly it uses "bx lr" to return, as normal ARM code does. Since the LR has been setup to be the function prolog then the code will exit normally. Using the debugger the registers can be seen to be: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid r 0 =            0         0.000000     r 1 =          351       351.000000\par
r 2 =          250       250.000000     r 3 =          100       100.000000\par
}
\par
The debugger shows SimpleScript register numbering. \par To use C++ the GNU Tools for ARM Embedded Processors ( {\f2 https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded} ) can be used. The GCC ARM compiler needs some extra parameters to generate suitable ARM code, these are: -O3 -S -mcpu=arm2 -fno-rtti -fno-exceptions \par The extra -O3 is optional of course, it just helps produce more optimal ARM code that results in better SimpleScript execution. The resulting ARM source files can then be compiled by the SimpleScript compiler. Including the following files ( BootStatGCC, Stat, ARMGCCstdlib ) it is possible to compile ARM code for use with the StatServer system. BootStatGCC includes ARMInterop and this creates a very small and simple ARM environment with some ARM stack register space and also handles calling the GCC global data initialiser functions if needed. ARMGCCstdlib will create a small amount of heap memory and support some memory allocation. In efect the whole output binary file is the whole extent of any virtual machine memory used by SimpleScript. It is even possible to include STL code, but the relevant STL library files must first be compiled by ARM GCC to ASM files and included. For example std::list needs libstdc++-v3\\src\\c++98\\list.cc compiled with the version that is compatible with the compiler. \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Hierarchical Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Hierarchical Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class Hierarchy\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid This inheritance list is sorted roughly, but not completely, alphabetically:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Checksum\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CodeServer::CodeEntry\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CommonServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BackendClient\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
BackendServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NATDetectClient\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NATDetectServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
BaseTransportServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AdvertiseClient\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
AdvertiseServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StatClient\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StatServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UserClient\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACLH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UserServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
CurrentThread\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Daemon
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UtilityServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
DataBlock\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DataBlock_Function\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataBlock_NData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataBlock_Predict_Float\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
DataBlockReason\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DebugHandler\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Encryption\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ScanPath::Entry\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACGU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
BaseTransportServer::Entry\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatchIndexManager::EntryInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MessageHelper::Exception\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ScanPath::FileChecksum\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ImpairedPacket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Job\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Encryption::Key\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
LockingMechanism\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StatServer::LoginIDData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatchIndexManager::ltLowerStr\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataBlock_Predict_Float::MasterData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MessageHelper\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DynamicMessageHelper\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
XPSession\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
PatchIndexManager::ModifiedInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MutexClass\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ReplicaObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ThreadClass\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASyncUpdateCheck\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
JobManager\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
AdvertiseClient::PingServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
BaseServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
BaseTransportServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CodeClient\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CodeServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NATResolver\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ProductPatcher\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ScanChecksum\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ScanPath\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACGM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Security\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Worker\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
XPSession\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
NetworkEmulation\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataBlock_Predict_Float::ParsedData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Patcher\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatchIndexManager\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PlatformHeap\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PlatformHeapBlock\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
XPSocketsHeapBlock\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
PlatformInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManager< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManagerList< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManagerMap< I, T, C >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManagerMap< int, RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData::SessionBlock_NData >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManagerMap< int, RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float::SessionBlock_Predict_Float >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManagerMap< int, SessionBlock_Function >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManagerMap< std::string, RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer::CodeEntry, RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer::CodeEntry::ThisLess >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegistryManagerSet< T, C >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataBlock_Predict_Float::ReplicaData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ReplicaNet\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ReplicaNetDLLRegister\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RNROLCompiler\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
application\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
namespace\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
networking\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
object\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
std_datablock\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Function\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NDataAt\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Predict_Float\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
s_RO_RegistryBlock\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
s_XPErrorTranslate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABMQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
s_XPSocket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABLV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ScanForDiffs\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACGE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
AdvertiseClient::ServerInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Service\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MyService\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
DataBlock_NData::SessionBlock_NData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataBlock_Predict_Float::SessionBlock_Predict_Float\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StatServer::SessionData\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SessionPacket_Header\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SystemTime\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SysTime\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NATResolver\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
XPSession\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
CodeServer::CodeEntry::ThisLess\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Thread\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASyncUpdateCheck\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
JobManager\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
AdvertiseClient::PingServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
BaseServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
BaseTransportServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CodeClient\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CodeServer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NATResolver\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ProductPatcher\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ScanChecksum\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ScanPath\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACGM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Security\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Worker\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
BackendServer::TitleIDInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transport\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
TransportNATUDP\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
TransportConfig\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UserInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatchIndexManager::VersionInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
XPAddress\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABLC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
XPCompression\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
XPSessionInternalBufferedPacket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
XPSocket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABMU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
XPSocketUrgent\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
XPURL\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
XPSession\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Class Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the classes, structs, unions and interfaces with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b AdvertiseClient} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a connection to the {\b AdvertiseServer} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b AdvertiseServer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b application} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASyncUpdateCheck} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BackendClient} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BackendServer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BaseServer} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A server base class that handles encrypted messages to and from a socket })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A server base class that handles encrypted messages to and from a transport })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Checksum} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CodeClient} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This code client queries for the validity of codes with the {\b RNLobby::CodeServer} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CodeServer::CodeEntry} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CodeServer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CommonServer} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A common server support class })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentThread} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Function} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_NData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlockReason} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DebugHandler} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DynamicMessageHelper} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Encryption} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanPath::Entry} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An entry in the list updated by {\b ScanPath::Start()} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACGU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BaseTransportServer::Entry} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatchIndexManager::EntryInfo} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MessageHelper::Exception} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanPath::FileChecksum} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Function} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ImpairedPacket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Job} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b JobManager} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Encryption::Key} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b LockingMechanism} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StatServer::LoginIDData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatchIndexManager::ltLowerStr} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float::MasterData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MessageHelper} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatchIndexManager::ModifiedInfo} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MutexClass} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MyService} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b namespace} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NATDetectClient} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NATDetectServer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NATResolver} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NDataAt} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NetworkEmulation} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b networking} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b object} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float::ParsedData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Patcher} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatchIndexManager} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handles loading and saving of patch index files with various access methods })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b AdvertiseClient::PingServer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PlatformHeap} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PlatformHeapBlock} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PlatformInfo} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Predict_Float} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ProductPatcher} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManager< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManagerList< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManagerMap< I, T, C >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManagerSet< T, C >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float::ReplicaData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ReplicaNet} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ReplicaNetDLLRegister} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ReplicaObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RNROLCompiler} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b s_RO_RegistryBlock} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b s_XPErrorTranslate} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABMQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b s_XPSocket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABLV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanChecksum} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This scans a supplied path and stores the results })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanForDiffs} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACGE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanPath} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This scans a supplied path and stores the results })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACGM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Security} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b AdvertiseClient::ServerInfo} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Service} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_NData::SessionBlock_NData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float::SessionBlock_Predict_Float} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StatServer::SessionData} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SessionPacket_Header} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StatClient} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a connection to the {\b StatServer} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StatServer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b std_datablock} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SystemTime} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SysTime} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CodeServer::CodeEntry::ThisLess} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Thread} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ThreadClass} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BackendServer::TitleIDInfo} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transport} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TransportConfig} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TransportNATUDP} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UserClient} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACLH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UserInfo} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class is used to communicate with the {\b UserServer} class })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UserServer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UtilityServer} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handles requests for utility functions using RESTful HTTP. This is not a client visible server hence there is no corresponding UtilityClient class })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatchIndexManager::VersionInfo} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Worker} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPAddress} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABLC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPCompression} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSession} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSessionInternalBufferedPacket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABHO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSocket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABMU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSocketsHeapBlock} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSocketUrgent} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPURL} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v File Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
File List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all documented files with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b AdvertiseClient.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACPZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b AdvertiseServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BackendClient.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BackendServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BaseServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BaseTransportServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CheckSum.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ClassReg.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CodeClient.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CodeServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CommonServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CThreadClass.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CXPSession.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Database.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DatabaseManager.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Function.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_NData.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DebugHandler.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Define_RO.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Encryption.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b FreewareCode.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b JobManager.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b LibraryInc.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MemoryTracking.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MessageHelper.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MinimalRTTI.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MinMax.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NATDetectClient.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NATDetectServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NATResolver.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NetworkEmulation.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NOnceGen.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Patcher.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatchIndexManager.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PlatformConfig.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PlatformHeap.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PlatformInfo.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ProductPatcher.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Rand.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManager.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManagerList.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManagerMap.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegistryManagerSet.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ReplicaNet.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ReplicaObject.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RNLobby.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RO_RegistryBlock.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ROConstants.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanChecksum.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanForDiffs.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ScanPath.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Security.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Service.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Stat.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StatClient.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StatServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StrDup.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StringUtils.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SysTime.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Thread.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ThreadClass.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transport.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TransportConfig.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TransportNATUDP.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UserClient.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UserServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UtilityServer.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XboxUDP.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPCompression.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSession.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSocket.cpp} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSocket.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACST \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSocketClass.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSockets.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPSocketUrgentClass.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPStream.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b XPURL.h} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Documentation{\tc \v Class Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
AdvertiseClient Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v AdvertiseClient}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUA}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a connection to the {\b AdvertiseServer}. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <AdvertiseClient.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for AdvertiseClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1AdvertiseClient__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for AdvertiseClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1AdvertiseClient__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b PingServer}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b ServerInfo}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Because this uses a TransportUDP connection it will call {\b XPURL::RegisterDefaultTransports()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b StartLAN} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This starts this class to only advertise and find sessions on the LAN. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetServer} (const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b AdvertiseSession} (const char *url, const char *userData="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b RulesChanged} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The user may call this notify the server that the session rules have changed. This then causes a new rules list to be requested by CallbackWantRules. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b PlayersChanged} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUE}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The user may call this notify the server that the session players list has changed. This then causes a new players list to be requested by CallbackWantPlayers. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b StopAdvertiseSession} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetListings} (const unsigned int maxResults=10, const unsigned int offset=0, const char *filter=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b StopListings} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stop the current request for listings. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b RequestRules} (const int serverIndex){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUG}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Request the rules for a specific server. CallbackRulesBegin etc will be called when the rules have been fetched. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b RequestPlayers} (const int serverIndex){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUH}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Request the players for a specific server. CallbackPlayersBegin etc will be called when the players have been fetched. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b RequestLatency} (const int serverIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GetAnyActivePings} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUI}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if there are any pings active. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b AddRule} (const char *rule, const char *userData="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b AddPlayer} (const char *name, const char *userData="", const int loginID=UserInfo::kAnyLoginID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b SendReliableMessage} (const int serverIndex, const void *data, const int length)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackConnectionEstablished} ({\b Transport} *transport)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
User extensible callbacks. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackWantRules} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUJ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called by {\b AdvertiseClient} when the user needs to supply rules for the currently advertised server. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackWantPlayers} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUK}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called by {\b AdvertiseClient} when the user needs to supply players for the currently advertised server. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackGotServerIndex} (const int serverIndex){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when the server index is known for the currently advertised server. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackListingsBegin} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called at the start when the listings are refreshed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackListingsEntry} (const int serverIndex, const int hostLoginID, const char *url, const char *userData, const float age, const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackListingsComplete} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when there are no more listings. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackRulesBegin} (const int serverIndex){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called the start when the rules for a server index are updated. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackRule} (const int serverIndex, const char *rule, const char *userData)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackRulesComplete} (const int serverIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackPlayersBegin} (const int serverIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackPlayer} (const int serverIndex, const char *name, const char *userData, const int loginID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackPlayersComplete} (const int serverIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackLatencyTo} (const int serverIndex, const float latency, const float packetLossPercent)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackMessageReceived} (const int sourceLoginID, const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b CallbackTidy} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CallbackPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CallbackParseValidMessage} ({\b Transport} *transport, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, const size_t length)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPAddress} {\b mServerAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsAdvertising}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mCurrentURL}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mCurrentUserData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDoingListing}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mWantRules}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDoingRules}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mWantPlayers}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDoingPlayers}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPSocketUrgent} * {\b mBroadcast}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mBroadcastURL}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mBroadcastData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::map< int, {\b XPAddress} > {\b mGotReplyFrom}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mBroadcastServerID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPAddress} {\b mCurrentReply}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mCurrentNOnce}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mRequestListingTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::list< std::pair\par
< SysTimeType, int > > {\b mRequestRulesTimes}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::list< std::pair\par
< SysTimeType, int > > {\b mRequestPlayersTimes}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PingServer} {\b mPingServer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mServerAddressSet}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVJ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a connection to the {\b AdvertiseServer}. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddPlayer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:AddPlayer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool AddPlayer (const char * {\i name}, const char * {\i userData} = {\f2 ""}, const int {\i loginID} = {\f2 UserInfo::kAnyLoginID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a player to an advertised server. This must only be called during {\b CallbackWantPlayers()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name of the player. This need not always be the name, it could be any user defined data in the form of a text string. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userData} \cell }{Any user defined data as a text string. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i loginID} \cell }{This loginID may be the same as the loginID from {\b UserClient::GetLoginID()}, this is left to the user to implement if required. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v AddRule\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:AddRule}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool AddRule (const char * {\i rule}, const char * {\i userData} = {\f2 ""})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This must only be called during {\b CallbackWantRules()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i rule} \cell }{The rule name as a text string. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userData} \cell }{The data attached to this rule name; \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v AdvertiseSession\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:AdvertiseSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool AdvertiseSession (const char * {\i url}, const char * {\i userData} = {\f2 ""})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
One advertised session for each instance of this class. This can be called with any updated details as often as required. Typically this will be used to advertise the exported URL from a NATUDP transport or a ReplicaNet/XPSession session using NATUDP. If using {\b ReplicaNet} or {\b XPSession} and the instance is a session master ({\b ReplicaNet::IsMaster()} == true) or using a NATUDP transport it is a good idea to regularly export the url and call this function with the details. This is because the url can change as the NAT resolution processes does its work. Please see Example11 for details. This starts the "getinfo" advertise using {\b TransportConfig::SetInfoString}(url + userData). \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackConnectionEstablished\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackConnectionEstablished}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackConnectionEstablished ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
User extensible callbacks. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback is not triggered during a LAN session query. \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackLatencyTo\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackLatencyTo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackLatencyTo (const int {\i serverIndex}, const float {\i latency}, const float {\i packetLossPercent}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when the latency to a server index has been calculated. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i serverIndex} \cell }{The server index from {\b CallbackListingsEntry()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latency} \cell }{This is the time taken in seconds for a packet to reach the machine that is advertising the server index. This is half round trip ping time. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packetLossPercent} \cell }{The packet loss percentage. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackListingsEntry\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackListingsEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackListingsEntry (const int {\i serverIndex}, const int {\i hostLoginID}, const char * {\i url}, const char * {\i userData}, const float {\i age}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when there is a listings entry. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i serverIndex} \cell }{The server index that can be used to identify this entry with other callbacks or with {\b RequestRules()} for example. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hostLoginID} \cell }{The loginID used to create this advertised entry. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i url} \cell }{The URL passed to {\b AdvertiseSession()} \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userData} \cell }{The user data passed to {\b AdvertiseSession()} \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i age} \cell }{In seconds, how long ago this entry was first advertised. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The external address of the machine doing the advertise from the point of view of the {\b AdvertiseServer}. If {\b AdvertiseSession()} is used on a multihomed machine this external address may not be the same address the advertised game server is bound to as indicated in the URL. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackMessageReceived\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackMessageReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackMessageReceived (const int {\i sourceLoginID}, const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when a user defined message is received. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sourceLoginID} \cell }{The source loginID of the packet. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The message data that was sent. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The message data length that was sent. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParseValidMessage\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackParseValidMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CallbackParseValidMessage ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, const size_t {\i length}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. If a MessageHelper::Exception() is caught by this server class the connection will be terminated. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackPlayer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackPlayer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackPlayer (const int {\i serverIndex}, const char * {\i name}, const char * {\i userData}, const int {\i loginID}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when there is a player for a server index. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i serverIndex} \cell }{The server index from {\b CallbackListingsEntry()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name of the player passed to {\b AddPlayer()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userData} \cell }{The user data of the player passed to {\b AddPlayer()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i loginID} \cell }{The loginID of the player passed to {\b AddPlayer()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackPlayersBegin\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackPlayersBegin}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackPlayersBegin (const int {\i serverIndex}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called the start when the players for a server index are updated. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i serverIndex} \cell }{The server index from {\b CallbackListingsEntry()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackPlayersComplete\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackPlayersComplete}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackPlayersComplete (const int {\i serverIndex}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when there are no more players for a server index. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i serverIndex} \cell }{The server index from {\b CallbackListingsEntry()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackPoll\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CallbackPoll (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. This can be called with or without a valid mTransport \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackRule\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackRule}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackRule (const int {\i serverIndex}, const char * {\i rule}, const char * {\i userData}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when there is a rule for a server index. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i serverIndex} \cell }{The server index from {\b CallbackListingsEntry()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i rule} \cell }{The rule name passed to {\b AddRule()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userdata} \cell }{The rule user data passed to {\b AddRule()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackRulesComplete\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackRulesComplete}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackRulesComplete (const int {\i serverIndex}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called when there are no more rules for a server index. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i serverIndex} \cell }{The server index from {\b CallbackListingsEntry()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackTidy\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:CallbackTidy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void CallbackTidy (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to tidy allocation of objects when the thread terminates. The class mutex is locked when executing this callback. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetListings\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:GetListings}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetListings (const unsigned int {\i maxResults} = {\f2 10}, const unsigned int {\i offset} = {\f2 0}, const char * {\i filter} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets listings with an optional filter. Using a filter query increases the load on the database depending on how many filters are used. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxResults} \cell }{The maximum number of results returned by this query. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i offset} \cell }{The offset into the information stored by the {\b AdvertiseServer} that will be returned by this query. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i filter} \cell }{An optional filter to use that is applied at the server before sending data to the client. The filter consists of logical expressions separated by a new-line or semi-colon. For example: Setting a filter to be "rule.needPass = 1;rule.dedicated = 0;" will only return servers that have the rules called needPass and dedicated which are equal to 1 and 0 respectively. The characters allowed for the rule conditional operand are "=><!" \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v RequestLatency\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:RequestLatency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool RequestLatency (const int {\i serverIndex})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Requests the latency to a specific server to be calculated. CallbackLatencyTo will be called when the latency has been calculated. \parDepending on how the server is configured and the firewall/NAT used this operation may take a long time to complete or may never complete indicating the server couldn't be reached or there is significant packet loss. \par
}}
{\xe \v SendReliableMessage\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:SendReliableMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool SendReliableMessage (const int {\i serverIndex}, const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a reliable message to a server index. The message arrives via {\b CallbackMessageReceived()}. Zero length message are not sent. The maximum size of the message that can be sent is 512 bytes. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid false indicates there was an error sending the message, for example the server index may be unknown. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetServer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:SetServer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetServer (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the address and port of the server. The default for the instance of the class is localhost and port AdvertiseServer::kDefaultPort or the address resolved by a successful {\b BackendClient::Start()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The new address and port number to use for the server \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v StopAdvertiseSession\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient\:StopAdvertiseSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool StopAdvertiseSession (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stop advertising the session This also stops the "getinfo" advertise using {\b TransportConfig::SetInfoString()}. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
AdvertiseServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v AdvertiseServer}
{\xe \v AdvertiseServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXB}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <AdvertiseServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for AdvertiseServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1AdvertiseServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for AdvertiseServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1AdvertiseServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 4008
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b AdvertiseServer} (const char *lobbyDSN=MRNLobbyDefaultDSN){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (const {\b XPAddress} &address={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort)){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Because this uses a TransportUDP connection it will call {\b XPURL::RegisterDefaultTransports()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumActive} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXE}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the number of active advertised sessions. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumTotal} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the total number of advertised sessions. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a list of advertised sessions. Advertised session information is stored in the following database tables:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GameListings\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerRules\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerPlayers \par}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
application Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v application}
{\xe \v application}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFL}
Inheritance diagram for application:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1application__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for application:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1application__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b object} (name)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This keyword is used to define what C++ classes the {\b ReplicaNet} layer uses when running an application. For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid application\par
\{\par
    object TestObject1;\par
    object TestObject2;\par
\}\par
}
 A common error when linking with {\b ReplicaNet} is to see a linker error for an resolved external symbol similar to ReplicaNetPreRegisterReplicasFunc which may also have symbol decoration. The solution is to compile an ROL file containing this application keyword and then compile and link with the output CPP file which uses the _RO_DO_PREREGISTER_FUNC macro. Or use the RO macros directly without the {\b RNROLCompiler}. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v object\:RNReplicaNet::application}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::application\:object}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b object} (name )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This keyword allows C++ class names that use the {\b ReplicaObject} mechanism to be registered with {\b ReplicaNet}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name of the C++ class to register \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASyncUpdateCheck Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASyncUpdateCheck}
{\xe \v ASyncUpdateCheck}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
Inheritance diagram for ASyncUpdateCheck:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classASyncUpdateCheck__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for ASyncUpdateCheck:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classASyncUpdateCheck__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b ThreadEntry} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ThreadEntry\:ASyncUpdateCheck}
{\xe \v ASyncUpdateCheck\:ThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int ThreadEntry (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The thread starts executing from here. \par
}{
Implements {\b ThreadClass} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
{
References Service::DebugOut().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BackendClient Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BackendClient}
{\xe \v BackendClient}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXG}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <BackendClient.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for BackendClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BackendClient__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for BackendClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BackendClient__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const int titleID, const char *encryptionKey)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCompleted} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BackendServer::Reply {\b GetReply} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackCompleted} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackServerAddress} ({\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UseReleaseServers} (const bool use=false)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b DisableValidateOrderingCheck} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b IsAuthenticated} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXI}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When the {\b BackendClient} has successfully completed an authentication request this returns true. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This backend client can query a backend server to verify the title ID is valid, or can be used to program the rest of the interfaces used by RNLobby. \parWhen using this class to verify a titleID {\b BackendClient::GetReply()} must successfully return BackendServer::kReply_ValidTitleID before any other RNLobby client classes are started with their {\b Start()} member functions. This is because {\b BackendClient} will set the correct server address and encryption key to use for each component service when the component is constructed. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackServerAddress\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient\:CallbackServerAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackServerAddress ({\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v DisableValidateOrderingCheck\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient\:DisableValidateOrderingCheck}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void DisableValidateOrderingCheck (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
In debug mode an assert will be generated if {\b BackendClient} is used after any other RNLobby service. To disable this check for the cases where LAN mode (without internet verification) is used before connecting to the internet please call this function. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetCompleted\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient\:GetCompleted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCompleted (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the completion state of the last query. When the query completes the result can be retrieved by using {\b GetReply()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A completed query returns true, a pending query returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetReply\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient\:GetReply}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
BackendServer::Reply GetReply (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the last reply from a completed query. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The last reply from a completed query. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const int {\i titleID}, const char * {\i encryptionKey})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts a thread to verify the supplied title ID and encryption key. Using title ID 0 (zero) with any encryption key is a special case and will allow locally hosted servers to be used for debugging purposes. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v UseReleaseServers\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendClient\:UseReleaseServers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UseReleaseServers (const bool {\i use} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets {\b BackendClient} to query the debug or release servers for server configuration information. For development use the debug servers. For public releases use the release servers. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i use} \cell }{Set to true to use the release servers. By default the debug servers are used. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BackendServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BackendServer}
{\xe \v BackendServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXP}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <BackendServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for BackendServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BackendServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for BackendServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BackendServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b TitleIDInfo}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Reply} \{ {\b kReply_InvalidTitleID} = 0, 
{\b kReply_ValidTitleID}, 
{\b kReply_TitleIDSupportPeriodExpired}, 
{\b kReply_ServerDownForMaintanence}, 
{\b kReply_ServerCannotBeContacted}
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 4000, 
{\b kDefaultDebugPort} = 4001
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b BackendServer} (const char *lobbyDSN=MRNLobbyDefaultDSN){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const {\b XPAddress} &address={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort))\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static std::string {\b TranslateReply} (const Reply reply){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXR}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class is used to provide a TitleID verification service to {\b BackendClient} Backend TitleID information is stored in the following table:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Backend \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BackendServer\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address} = {\f2 {\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort)})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the code server thread and processes code queries. If not already started the network hardware is started. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BaseServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BaseServer}
{\xe \v BaseServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYT}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A server base class that handles encrypted messages to and from a socket. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <BaseServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for BaseServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BaseServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for BaseServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BaseServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b StartWithSocket} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const bool allowDelete=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b Stop} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEncryptionKey} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackDataReceived} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackDataSend} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackQueryReplyTime} (const float seconds)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackTidy} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static SysTimeType {\b FloatTime} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYU}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackParseValidMessage} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, const size_t length, const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b PackageAndSendData} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackParsePacketData} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const {\b XPAddress} &addr, void *data, size_t &length, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &result)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ThreadEntry} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b mSocket}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mAllowDelete}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mNOnce}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYX}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A server base class that handles encrypted messages to and from a socket. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackDataReceived\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:CallbackDataReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackDataReceived ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter data after it has been received and before the data received is processed. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The data held in a {\b DynamicMessageHelper} class. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The network address for this data packet. The contents of the address may be changed if required. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackDataSend\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:CallbackDataSend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackDataSend ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter any data in a reply, just before it gets sent by the socket. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The data held in a {\b DynamicMessageHelper} class. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The network address for this data packet. The contents of the address may be changed if required. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParsePacketData\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:CallbackParsePacketData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackParsePacketData ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i addr}, void * {\i data}, size_t & {\i length}, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i result}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class mutex is locked during the context of this function. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i result} \cell }{The resultant data after decrypting and length will be updated with the new packet length. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParseValidMessage\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:CallbackParseValidMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackParseValidMessage ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, const size_t {\i length}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Return true to indicate this service class should continue to run. If false is returned this will stop the receiving thread and shutdown this server class. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackPoll\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:CallbackPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackPoll (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Return true to indicate this service class should continue to run. If false is returned this will stop the receiving thread and shutdown this server class. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackQueryReplyTime\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:CallbackQueryReplyTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackQueryReplyTime (const float {\i seconds}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback reports how long an query and reply took starting from when packet data was received until the packet data is sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{The time in seconds. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackTidy\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:CallbackTidy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackTidy (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to tidy allocation of objects when the thread terminates. The class mutex is locked when executing this callback. \par
}}
{\xe \v PackageAndSendData\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:PackageAndSendData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool PackageAndSendData ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const {\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class mutex is locked during the context of this function. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Return true to indicate this service class should continue to run. If false is returned this will stop the receiving thread and shutdown this server class. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetEncryptionKey\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:SetEncryptionKey}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEncryptionKey (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the encryption key to be used by all queries for this server. The same key must be used with any other {\b RNLobby::BaseServer} querying this server. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The data to use as a seed for the key. This can be NULL to use the default key. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data to use for creating the key. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v StartWithSocket\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:StartWithSocket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool StartWithSocket ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const bool {\i allowDelete} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the thread. If this function is overridden then this base implementation must also be called. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{The socket to poll for this class. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i allowDelete} \cell }{When true this class is responsible for deleting the socket. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool Stop (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the thread. If this function is overridden then this base implementation must also be called. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v ThreadEntry\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseServer\:ThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int ThreadEntry (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The thread starts executing from here. \par
}{
Implements {\b ThreadClass} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BaseTransportServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v BaseTransportServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZJ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A server base class that handles encrypted messages to and from a transport. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <BaseTransportServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for BaseTransportServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BaseTransportServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for BaseTransportServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1BaseTransportServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b Entry}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEncryptionKey} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b StartWithTransport} ({\b Transport} *transport, const bool allowDelete=true, const bool isListen=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b Stop} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumConnections} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZK}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the number of active connections. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumTotalSessions} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the total number of connections. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b SetAsDisconnecting} ({\b Transport} *transport){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will put the connection into a list pending disconnection after a timeout period. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static SysTimeType {\b FloatTime} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZN}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackParseValidMessage} ({\b Transport} *transport, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, const size_t length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual bool {\b PackageAndSendData} ({\b Transport} *transport, const {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class mutex is locked during the context of this function. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackParsePacketData} ({\b Transport} *transport, void *data, size_t &length, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &result, {\b Entry} &entry)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackAccepted} ({\b Transport} *transport){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZP}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when the server accepts a connection or when a non-listen class instance connection gets a first valid reply from the server. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackDisconnected} ({\b Transport} *transport){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZQ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when the transport is disconnected. This is also called if there is a problem trying to connect. It is therefore possible for a non-listen class instance to receive this callback without a corresponding {\b CallbackAccepted()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackDataReceived} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackDataSend} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackQueryReplyTime} (const float seconds)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackTidy} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ThreadEntry} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b GenerateNewNonce} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetConnectionNOnce} ({\b Transport} *transport=0, const {\b Entry} *entry=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZS}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the connection's NOnce with respect to a {\b Transport}. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b CalculateConnectionNOnce} ({\b Transport} *transport){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

const {\b Entry} * {\b FindEntry} ({\b Transport} *transport){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZU}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Transport} * {\b mTransport}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mAllowDelete}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mNOnce}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::map< {\b Transport} *, {\b Entry} > {\b mConnected}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsListen}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mClientGotAPacket}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mClientIsStable}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Entry} {\b mClientEntry}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b mNumConnections}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b mNumTotalConnections}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A server base class that handles encrypted messages to and from a transport. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackDataReceived\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:CallbackDataReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackDataReceived ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter data after it has been received and before the data received is processed. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The data held in a {\b DynamicMessageHelper} class. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackDataSend\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:CallbackDataSend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackDataSend ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter any data in a reply, just before it gets sent by the socket. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The data held in a {\b DynamicMessageHelper} class. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParsePacketData\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:CallbackParsePacketData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackParsePacketData ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}, void * {\i data}, size_t & {\i length}, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i result}, {\b Entry} & {\i entry}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class mutex is locked during the context of this function. The default operation is to decrypt the packet and then set result.SetGuardSize() with the size of the data and then call {\b CallbackParseValidMessage()}. This will cause a MessageHepler::Exception() exception to be thrown and may be caught by the user parser routines or will be caught by this server class. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i result} \cell }{The resultant data after decrypting and length will be updated with the new packet length. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParseValidMessage\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:CallbackParseValidMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackParseValidMessage ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, const size_t {\i length}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. If a MessageHelper::Exception() is caught by this server class the connection will be terminated. \par
}{
Reimplemented in {\b UserClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b AdvertiseClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b StatClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackPoll\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:CallbackPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackPoll (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. This can be called with or without a valid mTransport \par
}{
Reimplemented in {\b UserClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b AdvertiseClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b StatClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackQueryReplyTime\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:CallbackQueryReplyTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackQueryReplyTime (const float {\i seconds}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback reports how long a query and reply took starting from when packet data was received until the packet data is sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{The time in seconds. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackTidy\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:CallbackTidy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackTidy (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to tidy allocation of objects when the thread terminates. The class mutex is locked when executing this callback. \par
}{
Reimplemented in {\b UserClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b AdvertiseClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b StatClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetEncryptionKey\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:SetEncryptionKey}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEncryptionKey (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the encryption key to be used by all queries for this server. The same key must be used with any other {\b RNLobby::BaseTransportServer} querying this server. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The data to use as a seed for the key. This can be NULL to use the default key. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data to use for creating the key. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v StartWithTransport\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:StartWithTransport}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool StartWithTransport ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}, const bool {\i allowDelete} = {\f2 true}, const bool {\i isListen} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the thread. If this function is overridden then this base implementation must also be called. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i transport} \cell }{The transport to poll for this class. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i allowDelete} \cell }{When true this class is responsible for deleting the socket. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i isListen} \cell }{When true this class will listen for connections on the \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool Stop (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the thread. If this function is overridden then this base implementation must also be called. This will not generate {\b CallbackDisconnected()} events for any existing connections. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b UserClient} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ThreadEntry\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::BaseTransportServer\:ThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int ThreadEntry (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The thread starts executing from here. \par
}{
Implements {\b ThreadClass} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Checksum Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Checksum}
{\xe \v Checksum}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWD}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <CheckSum.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b ChecksumData} (const void *buffer, const size_t length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b ChecksumDataWithSlots} (int *checksumSlots, const size_t numSlots, const void *buffer, const size_t length, const bool initialiseSlots=false, const bool initialiseSlotsWithLength=false)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class handles simple checking of data blocks \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ChecksumData\:RNReplicaNet::Checksum}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Checksum\:ChecksumData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int ChecksumData (const void * {\i buffer}, const size_t {\i length}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Performs a simple and quick checksum of a buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i buffer} \cell }{the data buffer to checksum \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i the} \cell }{length of the data buffer in bytes \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the checksum for the data, the checksum returned is never 0 \par
}}}
{\xe \v ChecksumDataWithSlots\:RNReplicaNet::Checksum}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Checksum\:ChecksumDataWithSlots}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void ChecksumDataWithSlots (int * {\i checksumSlots}, const size_t {\i numSlots}, const void * {\i buffer}, const size_t {\i length}, const bool {\i initialiseSlots} = {\f2 false}, const bool {\i initialiseSlotsWithLength} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Performs a simple and quick checksum of a buffer using a certain chunk size to generate more than 32 bits of data. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i checksumSlots} \cell }{The checksum slots array. By default this is cumulative so make sure the array is initialised to a known state. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numSlots} \cell }{The number of checksumSlots supplied in the array. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i buffer} \cell }{The data buffer to checksum. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data buffer in bytes. When using the cumulative feature of this function the number of bytes must be a multiple of numSlots except for the last use of this function for a particular block of data.  By default the checksumSlots are not initialised. Setting this to be true will initialise the checksumSlots.  By default the length of the data is not used to seed the checksumSlots when calculating the checksum. If this is true then the length will be used to seed the checksumSlots and this will alter the result of any cumulative checksum. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CodeClient Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CodeClient}
{\xe \v CodeClient}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBA}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This code client queries for the validity of codes with the {\b RNLobby::CodeServer}. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <CodeClient.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for CodeClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1CodeClient__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for CodeClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1CodeClient__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const char *code, const int nOnce1=0, const int nOnce2=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Stop} (bool hardware=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCompleted} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
CodeServer::Reply {\b GetReply} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetUserSuppliedReply} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b GetNOnces} (int &nOnce1, int &nOnce2){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When there is a successful reply two random integers are generated by the {\b CodeServer}. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEncryptionKey} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetServer} (const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This code client queries for the validity of codes with the {\b RNLobby::CodeServer}. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GetCompleted\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient\:GetCompleted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCompleted (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the completion state of the last query. When the query completes the result can be retrieved by using {\b GetReply()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A completed query returns true, a pending query returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetReply\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient\:GetReply}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
CodeServer::Reply GetReply (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the last reply from a completed query. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The last reply from a completed query. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetUserSuppliedReply\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient\:GetUserSuppliedReply}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetUserSuppliedReply (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the last user supplied reply value from a completed query. See {\b CodeServer::AddCode()} for more details about a user supplied reply. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The user supplied reply. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetEncryptionKey\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient\:SetEncryptionKey}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEncryptionKey (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the encryption key to be used by all queries for this client. The same key must be used with any {\b RNLobby::CodeServer} responding to queries from this client. The default encryption key is the same for {\b RNLobby::CodeServer} and {\b RNLobby::CodeClient}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to use as a seed for the key. This can be NULL to use the default key. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to use for creating the key \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetServer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient\:SetServer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetServer (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the address and port of the server. The default for the instance of the class is localhost and port CodeServer::kDefaultPort or the address resolved by a successful {\b BackendClient::Start()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The new address and port number to use for the server \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const char * {\i code}, const int {\i nOnce1} = {\f2 0}, const int {\i nOnce2} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts a code query. This query is asynchronous and can be stopped by using {\b Stop()}. If a code is requested for the same key within the {\b CodeServer} timeout period without supplying valid nonce values the key query will result in kReply_KeyInUse. If these values are used for future {\b CodeClient::Start()} calls with the same code value then the result will be a successful key query. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i code} \cell }{The code to query with the server. This buffer must be a null terminated string. The buffer contents is copied by a pending query so it can be deallocated after using this call. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nOnce1} \cell }{The first nonce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nOnce2} \cell }{The second nonce. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeClient\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Stop (bool {\i hardware} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the current code query thread. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hardware} \cell }{If true this stops the network hardware. The default is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CodeServer::CodeEntry Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CodeServer::CodeEntry}
{\xe \v CodeServer::CodeEntry}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCC}
Collaboration diagram for CodeServer::CodeEntry:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1CodeServer_1_1CodeEntry__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b ThisLess}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPAddress} {\b mLastAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mLastTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mUserSuppliedReply}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLastNOnce1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLastNOnce2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mTheCode}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCI}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CodeServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CodeServer}
{\xe \v CodeServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBJ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <CodeServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for CodeServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1CodeServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for CodeServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1CodeServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b CodeEntry}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Reply} \{ {\b kReply_ValidKey} = 0, 
{\b kReply_UnspecifiedError}, 
{\b kReply_InvalidKey}, 
{\b kReply_KeyInUse}, 
{\b kReply_Timeout}, 
{\b kReply_CorruptReply}
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 4003
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b ReadCodeFile} (const char *filename, const bool duplicateCodeCheck=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b AddCode} (const char *code, const bool duplicateCodeCheck=false, const int userSuppliedReply=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b RemoveCode} (const char *code=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const {\b XPAddress} &address={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort))\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Stop} (bool hardware=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEncryptionKey} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetCodeTimeout} (const float time=(60.0f *30.0f))\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetCodeTimeout} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackDataReceived} (void *data, int &length, const int maxLength, {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackVersion} (const int version)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackKeyData} (char *keyData, const int maxLength, int &nOnce1, int &nOnce2, bool &updateDatabase)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackQueryReply} (Reply &reply, int &userSuppliedReply, int &nOnce1, int &nOnce2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackDataSend} (void *data, int &length, const int maxLength, {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackQueryReplyTime} (const float seconds)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetNumRequests} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBK}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the total number of codes queries. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetNumFailed} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the total number of codes queries that were returned as kReply_InvalidKey. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RegistryManagerMap}\par
< std::string, {\b CodeEntry}, \par
{\b CodeEntry::ThisLess} > {\b mCodes}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b MutexClass} {\b mCodesMutex}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBN}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This code server uses a UDP socket to respond to queries for the validity of codes. The codes are stored in a file with one code per line. Use the {\b RNLobby::CodeClient} class to make queries to this server. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddCode\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:AddCode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool AddCode (const char * {\i code}, const bool {\i duplicateCodeCheck} = {\f2 false}, const int {\i userSuppliedReply} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a code to the database in memory. Each code must be no longer than 255 characters. This function may be used when the code server has been started. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i code} \cell }{The code to add. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i duplicateCodeCheck} \cell }{If this is true then the code is checked to make sure it is not a duplicate code already stored in the database. The default is false, which disables the duplicate code check and makes adding codes slightly faster. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userSuppliedReply} \cell }{This is returned from {\b CodeClient::GetUserSuppliedReply()}. This is useful if the key server wishes to communicate that the key has billing problems, been suspended etc. To update userReply for an existing key you may enable duplicateCodeCheck or use {\b RemoveCode()} and {\b AddCode()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackDataReceived\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:CallbackDataReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackDataReceived (void * {\i data}, int & {\i length}, const int {\i maxLength}, {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter data after it has been received and before the data is processed. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The pointer to the data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data. If the output length changes then this variable can be used to pass the value back by reference. A returned length of zero discards the packet. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxLength} \cell }{The maximum length of the data buffer. Parameter length must not be greater than this value. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The network address for this data packet. The contents of the address may be changed if required. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackDataSend\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:CallbackDataSend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackDataSend (void * {\i data}, int & {\i length}, const int {\i maxLength}, {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter any data in a reply, just before it gets sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The pointer to the data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data. If the output length changes then this variable can be used to pass the value back by reference. A returned length of zero discards the packet. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxLength} \cell }{The maximum length of the data buffer. Parameter length must not be greater than this value. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The network address for this data packet. The contents of the address may be changed if required. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackKeyData\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:CallbackKeyData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackKeyData (char * {\i keyData}, const int {\i maxLength}, int & {\i nOnce1}, int & {\i nOnce2}, bool & {\i updateDatabase}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter the actual key queried before it is matched with the database. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i keyData} \cell }{The pointer to a null terminated char string. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxLength} \cell }{The maximum length of the data buffer, including the null termination character. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nOnce1} \cell }{The first nonce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nOnce2} \cell }{The second nonce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i updateDatabase} \cell }{This defaults to true, meaning that the query will update the database with the results of the search. If this is changed to be false the query will only be read only. A read only query does not require correct nonce values to be able to return kReply_ValidKey. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackQueryReply\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:CallbackQueryReply}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackQueryReply (Reply & {\i reply}, int & {\i userSuppliedReply}, int & {\i nOnce1}, int & {\i nOnce2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to alter the CodeServer::Reply. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reply} \cell }{The reply from the key query. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userSuppliedReply} \cell }{The user supplied reply. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nOnce1} \cell }{The first reply nonce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nOnce2} \cell }{The second reply nonce. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackQueryReplyTime\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:CallbackQueryReplyTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackQueryReplyTime (const float {\i seconds}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback reports how long an query and reply took starting from when packet data was received until the packet data is sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{The time in seconds. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackVersion\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:CallbackVersion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackVersion (const int {\i version}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to ascertain the version of the request made. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i version} \cell }{The version of the request. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetCodeTimeout\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:GetCodeTimeout}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetCodeTimeout (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the value configured by {\b SetCodeTimeout()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value configured by {\b SetCodeTimeout()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v ReadCodeFile\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:ReadCodeFile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool ReadCodeFile (const char * {\i filename}, const bool {\i duplicateCodeCheck} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads codes from a file and stores the codes in a database in memory. Each code must be in a separate line. This function may be used when the code server has been started. Each call to this function will add codes to the database held in memory. Each code must be no longer than 255 characters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i filename} \cell }{The filename to read. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i duplicateCodeCheck} \cell }{If this is true then each code is checked to make sure it is not a duplicate code already stored in the database. The default is false, which disables the duplicate code check and makes adding codes slightly faster. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v RemoveCode\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:RemoveCode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool RemoveCode (const char * {\i code} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes codes from the database in memory. This function may be used when the code server has been started. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i code} \cell }{If the code is supplied the code is removed from the database in memory. If there is no code supplied then all codes are removed from the database in memory. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetCodeTimeout\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:SetCodeTimeout}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetCodeTimeout (const float {\i time} = {\f2 (60.0f\~ *30.0f)})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the time period that a code will be flagged as being used and kReply_KeyInUse will be returned from {\b CodeClient::GetReply()}. After this time period has elapsed a request to validate the same code will be allowed. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i time} \cell }{The time in seconds. The default value is (60.0f * 30.0f) which is 30 minutes. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetEncryptionKey\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:SetEncryptionKey}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEncryptionKey (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the encryption key to be used by all queries for this server. The same key must be used with any {\b RNLobby::CodeClient} querying this server. The default encryption key is the same for {\b RNLobby::CodeServer} and {\b RNLobby::CodeClient}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The data to use as a seed for the key. This can be NULL to use the default key. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data to use for creating the key. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address} = {\f2 {\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort)})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the code server thread and processes code queries. If not already started the network hardware is started. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::CodeServer\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Stop (bool {\i hardware} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the code server thread and stops processing code queries. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hardware} \cell }{If true this stops the network hardware. The default is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CommonServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CommonServer}
{\xe \v CommonServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCL}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A common server support class. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <CommonServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for CommonServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1CommonServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for CommonServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1CommonServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b CommonCallbackParsePacketData} (void *data, size_t &length, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &result, const int moreSalt=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b CommonPackageAndSendData} (const {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &result, const int moreSalt=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCN}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Encryption::Key} {\b mCryptoKey}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCO}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A common server support class. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentThread Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentThread}
{\xe \v CurrentThread}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b Sleep} (int milliseconds)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Sleep\:RNReplicaNet::CurrentThread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::CurrentThread\:Sleep}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void Sleep (int {\i milliseconds}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sleeps the current thread for the class by the number of milliseconds supplied. This uses the CurrentThreadSleep() function. Internally this is a point where the thread can be cancelled. There must not be any mutex object with a current lock when {\b Sleep()} is called otherwise a deadlock situation may develop. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i milliseconds} \cell }{the sleep time in milliseconds \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Referenced by MyService::Main().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock}
{\xe \v DataBlock}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <DataBlock.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataBlock:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for DataBlock:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b ContinuityBreakTypes} \{ {\b kStop} = 1, 
{\b kSuddenChange} = 2, 
{\b kTeleport} = 4
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual int {\b GetThisClassType} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DataBlock} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~DataBlock} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b Poll} ({\b DataBlockReason} *reason=0, const bool discardOlderIncluded=false, const unsigned int discardOrder=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b ParseMessage} ({\b MessageHelper} *message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetVariableName} (const char *name=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BindReplicaNet} ({\b ReplicaNet} *current)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BindReplicaObject} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetReliableFlag} (bool reliable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetReliableFlag} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetCertainFlag} (bool certain=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCertainFlag} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetOrderedFlag} (bool ordered=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetOrderedFlag} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDiscardOlder} (const int windowBits=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetDiscardOlder} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticUpdatesFlag} (bool automatic=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetAutomaticUpdatesFlag} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b GiveDeltaHint} (void *pdata, int dataLen)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GiveDeltaHint} (float delta)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b ContinuityBreak} (unsigned char breakTypes)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetForceReflectionUpdate} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GetForceReflectionUpdate} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetReflectionMasterUpdate} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GetReflectionMasterUpdate} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b IsAttached} (void *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b IsAllocated} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetIsAllocated} (const bool isAllocated=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetUpdateDelayMinimum} (const float delay=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetUpdateDelayMinimum} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetForceSendMaximumUpdates} (const int updates=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetForceSendMaximumUpdates} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetForceSendTimeDelay} (const float delay=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetForceSendTimeDelay} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetBand} (const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned int {\b GetBand} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b ShouldDiscard} ({\b MessageHelper} *message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b OwnerChanged} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetDiscardThisUpdate} (void) const \par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetID} (int id)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

const char * {\b GetROName} ({\b ReplicaObject} *from=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b EmitBaseDebugInfo} (const char *name, const char *className, {\b DataBlockReason} *reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b EmitBaseDebugInfoUpdates} (const char *name, const char *className, {\b DataBlockReason} *reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetVariableName} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

short {\b mID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ReplicaNet} * {\b mBoundReplicaNet}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ReplicaObject} * {\b mBoundObject}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAED}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mReliable}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mCertain}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mOrdered}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mAutomaticUpdates}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsAllocated}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDebugOn}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

char * {\b mDebugText}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mUpdateDelayMinimum}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mForceSendMaximumUpdates}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mForceSendTimeDelay}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

char * {\b mVariableName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mBand}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mDiscardOlder}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mDiscardOlderMidPoint}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAER}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mDiscardOlderEndPoint}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b mDiscardOlderRealSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAET}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mLocalisedOrderingSent}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mLocalisedOrderingReceived}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDiscardThisUpdate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mForceReflectionUpdate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mReflectionMasterUpdate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b ReplicaObject}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A {\b ReplicaObject} derived class can have any number of variables that need to be shared to the corresponding replicas.\par A data block is a class that monitors for a change of a specific variable in a master object and if needed creates a data packet that is sent around the session to other replicas.\par It is possible for a {\b DataBlock} to receive kDataBlockReason_CalculateMasterPoll and kDataBlockReason_ReplicaPrepAfterTakeover, thus allowing a {\b DataBlock} to be a master and a replica at the same time and this can allow a {\b DataBlock} to reflect propagated values. Each new data type that can get shared across a network creates a new class that inherits from this one. For IsClassType() and GetThisClassType() to work the {\b DataBlock} type checking must be enabled by including the RN_CLASS_MINIMAL_RTTI macro in the public part of a derived class definition. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Enumeration Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ContinuityBreakTypes\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:ContinuityBreakTypes}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b ContinuityBreakTypes}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enums for the continuity break function \par
}{{{\b Enumerator}}\par
\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\xe \v kStop\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:kStop}
{\b {\i kStop{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFB}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Indicates the data set value has stopped changing for the time being \par
}{\xe \v kSuddenChange\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:kSuddenChange}
{\b {\i kSuddenChange{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFC}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Indicates a sudden change in direction or movement \par
}{\xe \v kTeleport\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:kTeleport}
{\b {\i kTeleport{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFD}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Indicates the value has a large dislocation i.e. An object has teleported. This can result in an update being calculated and sent for a {\b DataBlock} so use with care. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DataBlock\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:DataBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DataBlock} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~DataBlock\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:~DataBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b DataBlock} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v BindReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:BindReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BindReplicaNet ({\b ReplicaNet} * {\i current})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Bind this data block with the {\b ReplicaNet} pointer. This is called from {\b ReplicaObject::RegisterDataBlock()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i current} \cell }{the {\b ReplicaNet} pointer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v BindReplicaObject\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:BindReplicaObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BindReplicaObject ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Bind this data block with the {\b ReplicaObject} pointer. This is called from {\b ReplicaObject::RegisterDataBlock()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i current} \cell }{the {\b ReplicaObject} pointer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ContinuityBreak\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:ContinuityBreak}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void ContinuityBreak (unsigned char {\i breakTypes}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is used by a master {\b ReplicaObject} to set a continuity break for the data block and provides useful information to any extrapolation algorithms. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i breakTypes} \cell }{The break types to use for this break. For example : {\b DataBlock::kSuddenChange} | {\b DataBlock::kTeleport} \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetAutomaticUpdatesFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetAutomaticUpdatesFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetAutomaticUpdatesFlag (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the automatic update flag for a particular data set \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid if this data block is meant to be automatically updated true is returned \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetBand\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetBand}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned int GetBand (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function returns the value set by {\b SetBand()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCertainFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetCertainFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCertainFlag (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the reliable flag for a particular data set \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid if this data block is meant to be certain true is returned \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetDiscardOlder\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetDiscardOlder}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetDiscardOlder (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the update ordered flag for a particular data set \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid if this data block is meant to be ordered true is returned \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetDiscardThisUpdate\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetDiscardThisUpdate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetDiscardThisUpdate (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the last calculated result of a call to {\b ShouldDiscard()}. If the dervied {\b DataBlock} needs to support {\b SetDiscardOlder()} call this during {\b ParseMessage()} to determine if an update should be discarded due to ordering problems. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetForceSendMaximumUpdates\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetForceSendMaximumUpdates}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetForceSendMaximumUpdates (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function returns the value set by SetUpdateDelayMaximum() \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetForceSendTimeDelay\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetForceSendTimeDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetForceSendTimeDelay (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function returns the value set by SetUpdateDelayMaximum() \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetOrderedFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetOrderedFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetOrderedFlag (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the ordered flag for a particular data set \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid if this data block is meant to be ordered true is returned \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetReliableFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetReliableFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetReliableFlag (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the reliable flag for a particular data set \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid if this data block is meant to be reliable true is returned \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetUpdateDelayMinimum\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GetUpdateDelayMinimum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetUpdateDelayMinimum (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function returns the value set by {\b SetUpdateDelayMinimum()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GiveDeltaHint\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GiveDeltaHint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void GiveDeltaHint (void * {\i pdata}, int {\i dataLen}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a feedback function used by a master {\b ReplicaObject} that enables an application to give a delta hint to a {\b DataBlock}. The delta should be expressed in units of change per second. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pdata} \cell }{the pointer to the data type to give a hint for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i dataLem} \cell }{the length of the data type \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
{
Referenced by DataBlock::GiveDeltaHint().}\par
}
{\xe \v GiveDeltaHint\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:GiveDeltaHint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GiveDeltaHint (float {\i delta}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a feedback function used by a master {\b ReplicaObject} that enables an application to give a delta hint to a {\b DataBlock}. This float type call maps to the opaque data type call. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i This} \cell }{delta hint is a float type \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
References DataBlock::GiveDeltaHint().}\par
}
{\xe \v IsAllocated\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:IsAllocated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool IsAllocated (void ) const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual function allows the {\b DataBlock} to say how is was allocated. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the {\b DataBlock} was allocated using 'new' as a pointer returned. \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsAttached\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:IsAttached}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool IsAttached (void * {\i data}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given a data pointer this function identifies if this data block is attached to the pointer. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the data pointer is attached to this data block. \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b DataBlock_Function} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b DataBlock_NData} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v OwnerChanged\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:OwnerChanged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void OwnerChanged (const int {\i sessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called by {\b ReplicaNet} to indicate a change in owner. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method must also be called. \par
}{
Reimplemented in {\b DataBlock_Function} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b DataBlock_NData} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ParseMessage\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:ParseMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void ParseMessage ({\b MessageHelper} * {\i message}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This parses a message for the derived class of this data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called. Implementation note: The same amount of data added to the message during the {\b Poll()} must equal the length of data retrieved during this function. Care must be taken when implementing functionality such as {\b GetDiscardOlder()} to preserve the length of data. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The current message buffer that contains the packet data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b DataBlock_Function} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b DataBlock_NData} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void Poll ({\b DataBlockReason} * {\i reason} = {\f2 0}, const bool {\i discardOlderIncluded} = {\f2 false}, const unsigned int {\i discardOrder} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A poll function that is called by {\b ReplicaNet} to check for updates to this particular data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called before a data packet is created. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reason} \cell }{the reason code that is passed in to this class to enable a response to be calculated \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOlderIncluded} \cell }{When true and using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} this gives a hint to the {\b DataBlock} that the derived class has filled in a valid value for discardOrder. The default value is false and the {\b DataBlock} will use a global discard order seqeunce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOrder} \cell }{When using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} and discardOlderIncluded is true this must contain a valid order sequence number for the update. The sequence should be unique for each target sessionID for the update. Since the sequence number is local for each target sessionID the window size for {\b SetDiscardOlder()} can be smaller. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b DataBlock_Function} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b DataBlock_NData} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticUpdatesFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetAutomaticUpdatesFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticUpdatesFlag (bool {\i automatic} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the automatic update flag for a particular data set. By default a {\b DataBlock} will calculate the best time to create an update for a particular set of data. If the automatic updates are switched off then the datablock relies on hints from the user to calculate updates. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i automatic} \cell }{set to true if this data block is meant to be automatically updated. The default is true \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetBand\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetBand}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetBand (const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the band used by the underlying {\b Transport} when using the Reliable method to send this {\b DataBlock} update. The default value is 0 which is the same band as the internal session messages. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetCertainFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetCertainFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetCertainFlag (bool {\i certain} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the certain flag for a particular data set {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i certain} \cell }{set to true if this data block is meant to be certain and the reliable update is set to be false. The default is false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetDiscardOlder\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetDiscardOlder}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDiscardOlder (const int {\i windowBits} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Instead of using the unreliable ordered packet sending type this enables automatic {\b DataBlock} checking of older updates. This update method will add extra data for each sequence order numbers for update sent, rather than for each update packet type. If {\b Poll()} discardOlderIncluded is false, which is the default option, a global sequence order number will be used for all sessionIDs. So the windowBits must be larger to accomodate larger numbers of players and potential wrap around of the seqeunce. If {\b Poll()} discardOlderIncluded is true then the sequence order supplied by the derived dataBlock will be used, this can use a sequence order local to each sessionID. Since the sequence order can be local to each sessionID the windowBits can be smaller. This update method will discard any updates that are older than the currently received update. Implementation note: The derived {\b DataBlock} needs to call {\b GetDiscardThisUpdate()} to implement this functionality. When ignoring an update during {\b ParseMessage()} the size of data from the input packet must be accounted for. The standard {\b ReplicaNet} DataBlocks use this where appropriate. While this update method can be enabled for reliable and unreliable ordered packet update types it is not optimal to do so because all packet updates are already ordered by the network layer. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i windowBits} \cell }{The number of bits to use for the order checking window. The larger the number of bits the more accurate the order checking is. A good value is to use 16 bits for small scale games of 32 players and >=24 bits for MMO games. The default value is 0 and disables this mechanism. The minimum emabled value for this mechanism is 8 bits. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetForceReflectionUpdate\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetForceReflectionUpdate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetForceReflectionUpdate (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the {\b DataBlock} is attached to a reflection {\b ReplicaObject} this allows any received replica update to be forced into the outgoing {\b DataBlock} updates. /param enable The default value is false meaning the {\b DataBlock} will calculate its own delta updates. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetForceSendMaximumUpdates\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetForceSendMaximumUpdates}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetForceSendMaximumUpdates (const int {\i updates} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the maximum number of consecutive force updates that can be sent from this {\b DataBlock} to each {\b ReplicaObject}. Forced updates are sent for this {\b DataBlock} to a {\b ReplicaObject} if the time since the last update, either due to the update filter policy or due to a forced update, is greater than the time set by {\b SetForceSendTimeDelay()}. Usually the best possible approximation of the {\b DataBlock} change calculated at the time is used. If a normal {\b DataBlock} update is sent, in other words an update falls within the {\b DataBlock} update filter policy, then the trigger for forced updates is set allowing consecutive forced updates to be started. This feature is useful for unreliable updates where DataBlocks that do not change often usually causing fewer {\b DataBlock} updates can be refreshed or force updated. It is a good idea, but not required, to set {\b SetForceSendTimeDelay()} before setting this value to be anything greater than 0 because the default value of 0.0f for {\b SetForceSendTimeDelay()} could cause many quick consecutive updates to be sent. This can be changed by the user at any time. The default value is 0 which disables this mechanism. The actual mechanism is implemented by the derived {\b DataBlock}. For user extended DataBlocks this mechanism can be ignored if the {\b DataBlock} filter policy method does not require this functionality. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetForceSendTimeDelay\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetForceSendTimeDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetForceSendTimeDelay (const float {\i delay} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets a time delay from the previous {\b DataBlock} update to a {\b ReplicaObject} before another forced send update is required. Setting this to be 0.2f causes a forced send update to be sent if the time since the last {\b DataBlock} update is more than 0.2f seconds. Therefore if SetForceSendTimeDelay(0.3f) and SetForceSendMaximumUpdates(3) is used, then a {\b DataBlock} that stops changing will get 3 extra updates with a delay of 0.3f of a second between each update. This setting for forced updates overrides the SetUpdateDelayMaximum() setting. This can be changed by the user at any time. The default value is 0.0f which then causes delays to be sent every internal {\b ReplicaNet} poll as required by SetMaximumForceSendUpdates() The actual mechanism is implemented by the derived {\b DataBlock}. For user extended DataBlocks this mechanism can be ignored if the {\b DataBlock} filter policy method does not require this functionality. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetID\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetID (int {\i id}){\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the ID of the data block when it is used in a {\b ReplicaObject}. This function is called from {\b ReplicaObject::RegisterDataBlock()} \par
}}
{\xe \v SetIsAllocated\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetIsAllocated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetIsAllocated (const bool {\i isAllocated} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Defines how the {\b DataBlock} was allocated. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i isAllocated} \cell }{Set this to be true if the {\b DataBlock} was allocated by using 'new' and a pointer returned. True is the default value. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetOrderedFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetOrderedFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetOrderedFlag (bool {\i ordered} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the unreliable ordered flag for a particular data set {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i certain} \cell }{set to true if this data block is meant to be using the unreliable ordered packet sending method, the certain and reliable flags are set to be false. The default is false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetReflectionMasterUpdate\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetReflectionMasterUpdate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetReflectionMasterUpdate (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the {\b DataBlock} is attached to a reflection {\b ReplicaObject} this allows any received replica update to be applied to the reflection master, improving the accuracy of outgoing reflection updates. The replica poll stage will be ignored since the reflection master poll has already updated the value. /param enable The default value is false meaning the {\b DataBlock} will calculate its own updates during the normal replica poll. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetReliableFlag\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetReliableFlag}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetReliableFlag (bool {\i reliable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the reliable flag for a particular data set {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reliable} \cell }{set to true if this data block is meant to be reliable and the certain update is set to be false. The default is false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetUpdateDelayMinimum\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetUpdateDelayMinimum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetUpdateDelayMinimum (const float {\i delay} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the minimum possible delay between each update, due to a {\b DataBlock} filter condition being met, for this datablock to each {\b ReplicaObject}. This allows the bandwidth for this {\b DataBlock} to be fine tuned. A value of 1.0f will mean a maximum of 1 update per second to each {\b ReplicaObject}. A value of 0.2f will mean a maximum possible 5 updates due to filter conditions per second, one every 0.2 seconds, to each {\b ReplicaObject}. This setting is separate from {\b SetForceSendTimeDelay()} This can be changed by the user at any time. The default value is 0.0f which disables this mechanism. The actual mechanism is implemented by the derived {\b DataBlock}. For user extended DataBlocks this mechanism can be ignored if the {\b DataBlock} filter policy method does not require this functionality. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i delay} \cell }{The minimum delay in seconds. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetVariableName\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:SetVariableName}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetVariableName (const char * {\i name} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the name of the variable attached to this {\b DataBlock} which is then used to output extended debugging information using the registered {\b DebugHandler} if available. The default value for the variable name is null. This function is used by {\b ReplicaNet} and the standard DataBlocks added to objects using the ROL Language if the preprocessor define REPLICANET_VISUALDEBUGGER is used. For user allocated DataBlocks this function can be used to set extra debugging information, such as the variable name, useful to the author. Each {\b DataBlock} implementation can choose to not output debug information if there is no name set. The standard DataBlocks included with {\b ReplicaNet} output the {\b DataBlock} class name with a unique hex number identifier prefixed with "<Unknown>" if the variable name is null. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name of the variable. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ShouldDiscard\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock\:ShouldDiscard}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool ShouldDiscard ({\b MessageHelper} * {\i message})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called by {\b ReplicaNet} to check incoming packets for any discard older sequence when parsing incoming data packets. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_Function Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v DataBlock_Function}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHL}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <DataBlock_Function.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataBlock_Function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__Function__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for DataBlock_Function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__Function__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

typedef void( {\b tDataBlock_Function_funcp} )(void *classp, void *data, void *thisDataBlock){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RN_CLASS_MINIMAL_RTTI} (){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DataBlock_Function} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~DataBlock_Function} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b Poll} ({\b DataBlockReason} *reason, const bool discardOlderIncluded=false, const unsigned int discardOrder=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b ParseMessage} ({\b MessageHelper} *message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RegisterInClassPointer} (void *classp, tDataBlock_Function_funcp *funcp)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b AddFunctionStateChange} (void *data, int len, const char *debug=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsAttached} (void *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b OwnerChanged} (const int sessionID)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b DataBlock_Function} * {\b Register} (void *classp, tDataBlock_Function_funcp *funcp)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetSessionIDFilter} (const int numSessionIDs=0, const int *sessionIDs=0)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b FreeSessionBlocks} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHP}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void * {\b mClassp}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

tDataBlock_Function_funcp * {\b mData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RegistryManagerMap}< int, \par
SessionBlock_Function > {\b mPerSessionFunction}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::list< CombinedDataPacket * > {\b mFunctionStateChanges}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHT}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int {\b mConfiguredNumSessions}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int * {\b mConfiguredSessionIDs}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHV}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This {\b DataBlock} derived class enables class member functions to be called on replicas of an object. Deleting a {\b ReplicaObject} derived class during a networked function call is not allowed. {\b ReplicaObject::DelayedDelete()} should be used instead. This will flag the object for a delete as soon as it is safe to do so.\par This {\b DataBlock} does not do any latency compensation or prediction.\par This {\b DataBlock} does not use the rules set by {\b SetUpdateDelayMinimum()} and {\b SetForceSendMaximumUpdates()} because the frequency of calling member functions and hence the frequency of {\b DataBlock} updates is defined by the application.\par For security reasons only the master can send function calls to other replicas. A replica does not send any function updates to other replicas directly and will only send to the master. Therefore many of the macros, like ALL_REPLICAS_FUNCTION_CALL(), will operate differently depending on if the object is a master or a replica.\par Before the object is published no network class member function calls will be propagated. Using these macros with an unpublished object will only cause the non-network portion to be executed, for example GLOBAL_FUNCTION_CALL will only call the function on the object.\par You can use these macros to call network class member functions:\par GLOBAL_FUNCTION_CALL()\par Example: GLOBAL_FUNCTION_CALL(ASampleMemberFunction(foo,bar,wibble));\par From a master this calls the function on the master and all replicas.\par From a replica this only calls the function on the current replica and the master.\par\par ALL_REPLICAS_FUNCTION_CALL()\par Example: ALL_REPLICAS_FUNCTION_CALL(ASampleMemberFunction(foo));\par From a master this calls the function on all replicas.\par From a replica this only calls the function on the master.\par\par MASTER_FUNCTION_CALL()\par Example: MASTER_FUNCTION_CALL(ASampleMemberFunction(bar,wibble));\par From a master this calls the function on all replicas.\par From a replica this only calls the function on the master.\par ONLY_MASTER_FUNCTION_CALL()\par Example: ONLY_MASTER_FUNCTION_CALL(ASampleMemberFunction(bar,wibble));\par From a master this calls the function only on the master.\par From a replica this only calls the function on the master.\par ALL_REPLICAS_FUNCTION_CALL() and MASTER_FUNCTION_CALL() have identical implementation, the naming is different to improve code readability.\par\par NOMINATED_REPLICAS_FUNCTION_CALL()\par Example: NOMINATED_REPLICAS_FUNCTION_CALL(numSessionIDs,sessionIDs,APublicFunction(random_int,random_float));\par From a master this uses {\b DataBlock_Function::SetSessionIDFilter()} to propagate function calls to selected session IDs. From a replica this calls the function on the master regardless of the session ID list.\par \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DataBlock_Function\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:DataBlock_Function}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DataBlock_Function} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~DataBlock_Function\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:~DataBlock_Function}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b DataBlock_Function} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v IsAttached\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:IsAttached}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsAttached (void * {\i data}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given a data pointer this function identifies if this data block is attached to the pointer. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the data pointer is attached to this data block. \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v OwnerChanged\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:OwnerChanged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void OwnerChanged (const int {\i sessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called by {\b ReplicaNet} to indicate a change in owner. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method must also be called. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ParseMessage\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:ParseMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void ParseMessage ({\b MessageHelper} * {\i message}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This parses a message for the derived class of this data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called. Implementation note: The same amount of data added to the message during the {\b Poll()} must equal the length of data retrieved during this function. Care must be taken when implementing functionality such as {\b GetDiscardOlder()} to preserve the length of data. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The current message buffer that contains the packet data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void Poll ({\b DataBlockReason} * {\i reason}, const bool {\i discardOlderIncluded} = {\f2 false}, const unsigned int {\i discardOrder} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A poll function that is called by {\b ReplicaNet} to check for updates to this particular data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called before a data packet is created. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reason} \cell }{the reason code that is passed in to this class to enable a response to be calculated \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOlderIncluded} \cell }{When true and using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} this gives a hint to the {\b DataBlock} that the derived class has filled in a valid value for discardOrder. The default value is false and the {\b DataBlock} will use a global discard order seqeunce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOrder} \cell }{When using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} and discardOlderIncluded is true this must contain a valid order sequence number for the update. The sequence should be unique for each target sessionID for the update. Since the sequence number is local for each target sessionID the window size for {\b SetDiscardOlder()} can be smaller. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Register\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:Register}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b DataBlock_Function}* Register (void * {\i classp}, tDataBlock_Function_funcp * {\i funcp}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers the memory area with this data block type and returns a new pointer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i classp} \cell }{is the pointer to this class that is passed through the message pipeline \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i funcp} \cell }{the actual function pointer to call that cracks the message \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns a pointer that can be used to attach to a {\b ReplicaObject} \par
}}}
{\xe \v RegisterInClassPointer\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:RegisterInClassPointer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RegisterInClassPointer (void * {\i classp}, tDataBlock_Function_funcp * {\i funcp}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers the memory area with this data block type. This is used when the memory is in datablocks that are allocated as part of a bigger class. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i classp} \cell }{is the pointer to this class that is passed through the message pipeline \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i funcp} \cell }{the actual function pointer to call that cracks the message \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetSessionIDFilter\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Function\:SetSessionIDFilter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetSessionIDFilter (const int {\i numSessionIDs} = {\f2 0}, const int * {\i sessionIDs} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This configures the next networked function call from a master object to send the function call to the nominated sessionIDs. After the function call is completed all subsequent network function calls are sent without this filter unless this function is used. The NOMINATED_REPLICAS_FUNCTION_CALL() macro also uses this function.\par Care must be taken when using this static function that multi-threaded {\b ReplicaObject} derived classes do not interrupt calls to this function and the subsequent network function call. The array pointed to by this function must persist until the subsequent network function call.\par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numSessionIDs} \cell }{The number of session IDs in the array. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionIDs} \cell }{An array of session IDs that will receive the next network function call. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_NData Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v DataBlock_NData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIB}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <DataBlock_NData.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataBlock_NData:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__NData__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for DataBlock_NData:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__NData__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b SessionBlock_NData}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RN_CLASS_MINIMAL_RTTI} (){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DataBlock_NData} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~DataBlock_NData} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b Poll} ({\b DataBlockReason} *reason, const bool discardOlderIncluded=false, const unsigned int discardOrder=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b ParseMessage} ({\b MessageHelper} *message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RegisterInClassPointer} (void *const data, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDefaultData} (const void *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsAttached} (void *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetEndianTest} (const bool test=true){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAID}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GetEndianTest} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b OwnerChanged} (const int sessionID)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b DataBlock_NData} * {\b Register} (void *const data, const int size)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b FreeSessionBlocks} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIF}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void * {\b mData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RegistryManagerMap}< int, \par
{\b SessionBlock_NData} > {\b mPerSessionData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAII}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void * {\b mDefaultData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDisableEndian}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIK}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This {\b DataBlock} derived class scans the registered area for changes and if needed creates a packet detailing those changes\par This {\b DataBlock} does not do any lag compensation or prediction. It just informs each replica of a change when one is made. By default the {\b DataBlock} will preserve the endian format of the data. To disable the endian check, an example would be for string data, then SetEndianTest(false) or the ROL command DisableEndianTest();\par \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DataBlock_NData\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:DataBlock_NData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DataBlock_NData} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~DataBlock_NData\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:~DataBlock_NData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b DataBlock_NData} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v IsAttached\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:IsAttached}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsAttached (void * {\i data}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given a data pointer this function identifies if this data block is attached to the pointer. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the data pointer is attached to this data block. \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v OwnerChanged\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:OwnerChanged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void OwnerChanged (const int {\i sessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called by {\b ReplicaNet} to indicate a change in owner. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method must also be called. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ParseMessage\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:ParseMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void ParseMessage ({\b MessageHelper} * {\i message}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This parses a message for the derived class of this data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called. Implementation note: The same amount of data added to the message during the {\b Poll()} must equal the length of data retrieved during this function. Care must be taken when implementing functionality such as {\b GetDiscardOlder()} to preserve the length of data. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The current message buffer that contains the packet data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void Poll ({\b DataBlockReason} * {\i reason}, const bool {\i discardOlderIncluded} = {\f2 false}, const unsigned int {\i discardOrder} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A poll function that is called by {\b ReplicaNet} to check for updates to this particular data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called before a data packet is created. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reason} \cell }{the reason code that is passed in to this class to enable a response to be calculated \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOlderIncluded} \cell }{When true and using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} this gives a hint to the {\b DataBlock} that the derived class has filled in a valid value for discardOrder. The default value is false and the {\b DataBlock} will use a global discard order seqeunce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOrder} \cell }{When using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} and discardOlderIncluded is true this must contain a valid order sequence number for the update. The sequence should be unique for each target sessionID for the update. Since the sequence number is local for each target sessionID the window size for {\b SetDiscardOlder()} can be smaller. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Register\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:Register}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b DataBlock_NData}* Register (void *const {\i data}, const int {\i size}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers the memory area with this data block type and returns a new pointer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the start of the memory to check \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data block \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns a pointer that can be used to attach to a {\b ReplicaObject} \par
}}}
{\xe \v RegisterInClassPointer\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:RegisterInClassPointer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RegisterInClassPointer (void *const {\i data}, const int {\i size}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers the memory area with this data block type. This is used when the memory is in datablocks that are allocated as part of a bigger class. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the start of the memory to check \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data block \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetDefaultData\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_NData\:SetDefaultData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDefaultData (const void * {\i data})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows a block of memory to be passed in that shows a default state of the data block. This default memory state is copied so it can be temporary. When a session joins or an object is created, the datablock states are serialised. By setting a default state the user can avoid the extra data being sent out for the datablock state. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the memory. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_Predict_Float Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIW}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <DataBlock_Predict_Float.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataBlock_Predict_Float:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__Predict__Float__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for DataBlock_Predict_Float:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlock__Predict__Float__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b MasterData}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b ParsedData}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b ReplicaData}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b SessionBlock_Predict_Float}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RN_CLASS_MINIMAL_RTTI} (){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~DataBlock_Predict_Float} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b Poll} ({\b DataBlockReason} *reason, const bool discardOlderIncluded=false, const unsigned int discardOrder=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b ParseMessage} ({\b MessageHelper} *message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b GiveDeltaHint} (void *pdata, int dataLen)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b GiveDeltaHint} (const float delta){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b ContinuityBreak} (unsigned char breakTypes)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b GetLastDelta} (bool &continuityBreak, float &sample, SysTimeType &time, float &delta)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsAttached} (void *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RegisterInClassPointer} (float *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMinError} (float minerror=0.1f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMaxError} (float maxerror=1.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMinDistance} (float distance=0.1f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMaxDistance} (float distance=1.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetInterpolationFilter} (float interpolation=0.1f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetQuadratic} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLinear} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLagged} (const float time=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetSnapToDifference} (const float difference=-1.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryEnable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryDisable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryWrapAround} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryCapped} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryLowerUpper} (const float lower, const float upper)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryApplyToMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetValueFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetValueShortFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDeltaFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDeltaShortFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b ReplicaContinuityBreak} (const SysTimeType time, const float sample, const float delta, const bool continuityBreak, const bool ignoreTimeCheck=false, const bool clearPreviousUpdates=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetTimeDelta} (const float timeDelta=0.0f)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} * {\b Register} (float *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b BoundaryApplyToValue} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object}, float &value)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b ApplyBoundaryToValue} (const float value) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b AddDataBlockData} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} *message, const float sample, const SysTimeType time, const float delta){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b FreeSessionBlocks} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b CalculateReplicaValue} ({\b DataBlockReason} *reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJC}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float * {\b mData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mContinuityBreak}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsDistanceBased}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mMinDistance}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mMaxDistance}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mMinError}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsQuadratic}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mGotData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mImplementTeleport}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDoPrep}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mTestData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mMaxError}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mInterpolationFilter}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RegistryManagerMap}< int, \par
{\b SessionBlock_Predict_Float} > {\b mPerSessionData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ReplicaData} {\b mReplicaData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b MasterData} {\b mMasterData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDoneMasterPoll}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::map< SysTimeType, {\b ParsedData} > {\b mParsedByTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mLagged}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mFirstLaggedTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mSnapToDifference}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mBoundaryEnable}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mBoundaryIsWrap}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mBoundaryLower}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mBoundaryUpper}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mBoundaryWriteBack}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mLastGoodDataTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mShortValue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mShortDelta}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mTimeDelta}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKG}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This {\b DataBlock} derived class tries to perform data prediction on float variable types.\par This class operates on three levels.\par 1) It constantly checks the data value and notes down changes based on what it thinks are continuity changes using the extrapolation model for the master side.\par 2) Each \{value,delta and time\} update sent to a replica object is stored and using this information the extrapolation/interpolation is checked against what the current value is doing. If the extrapolation is too far off based on the input tolerance values then the master copy of the extrapolation data is used to calculate a new more accurate prediction model.\par 3) The replica version of this class receives \{value,delta and time\} updates and extrapolates these. When performing extrapolation/interpolation the contents of the class member variable is read and the interpolation filter is used to smooth the update from the contents to the network value. When a continuity break is received the interpolation filter is ignored.\par The {\b DataBlock} type can also vary the accuracy of the tolerance used dependent on the calculated distance to the observer object for a session. If there is no observer or the distance couldn't be calculated (kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance is returned by CalculateDistanceToObject) then the minimum tolerance is used.\par This {\b DataBlock} does allow the Ordered() flag to be set, however it has little use since this {\b DataBlock} will automatically reject old updates. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DataBlock_Predict_Float\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:DataBlock_Predict_Float}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~DataBlock_Predict_Float\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:~DataBlock_Predict_Float}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b DataBlock_Predict_Float} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v BoundaryApplyToMaster\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryApplyToMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryApplyToMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the boundary value checking is enabled this will also write-back the boundary check to the master's client value. This write-back will happen the next time this {\b DataBlock} is polled. The default is for this value write-back to be disabled. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryApplyToValue\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryApplyToValue}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool BoundaryApplyToValue ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object}, float & {\i value}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Utility function to apply the boundary checking rules configured for a {\b Predict_Float} {\b DataBlock} to a variable. The variable must be registered with {\b ReplicaNet} as {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True is returned if the variable was registered and false if not registered. \par
}}}
{\xe \v BoundaryCapped\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryCapped}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryCapped (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the boundary checks to use a capped value. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryDisable\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryDisable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryDisable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disables any boundary checking code. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disables {\b BoundaryApplyToMaster()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryEnable\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryEnable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryEnable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enable the boundary value checking code. This allows the {\b DataBlock} to have wrap around values (for example 0 <= angle < 360) or values that are capped. The upper and lower boundary and wrap around or capped are set by the other Boundary prefixed functions. The default is for this feature to be disabled. If enabled on a master then the user value will not be modified however the internal value used will be capped/wrapped before applying any update filtering. If enabled on a client then the user value will be capped/wrapped. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryLowerUpper\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryLowerUpper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryLowerUpper (const float {\i lower}, const float {\i upper})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Where lower <= value < upper for wrapped checks and lower <= value <= upper for capped checks. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryWrapAround\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:BoundaryWrapAround}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryWrapAround (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the boundary checks to use a wrap around value. \par
}}
{\xe \v ContinuityBreak\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:ContinuityBreak}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void ContinuityBreak (unsigned char {\i breakTypes}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is used by a master {\b ReplicaObject} to set a continuity break for the data block and provides useful information to any extrapolation algorithms. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i breakTypes} \cell }{The break types to use for this break. For example : {\b DataBlock::kSuddenChange} | {\b DataBlock::kTeleport} \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetLastDelta\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:GetLastDelta}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool GetLastDelta (bool & {\i continuityBreak}, float & {\i sample}, SysTimeType & {\i time}, float & {\i delta}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the last delta for this {\b DataBlock}. Depending on the {\b ReplicaObject} replica or master state this is either the last received delta update or the most accurate calculated delta update. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the delta information has been updated. If false the input values have not been changed. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GiveDeltaHint\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:GiveDeltaHint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void GiveDeltaHint (void * {\i pdata}, int {\i dataLen}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a feedback function used by a master {\b ReplicaObject} that enables an application to give a delta hint to a {\b DataBlock}. The delta should be expressed in units of change per second. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pdata} \cell }{the pointer to the data type to give a hint for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i dataLem} \cell }{the length of the data type \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v IsAttached\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:IsAttached}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsAttached (void * {\i data}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given a data pointer this function identifies if this data block is attached to the pointer. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the data pointer is attached to this data block. \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ParseMessage\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:ParseMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void ParseMessage ({\b MessageHelper} * {\i message}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This parses a message for the derived class of this data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called. Implementation note: The same amount of data added to the message during the {\b Poll()} must equal the length of data retrieved during this function. Care must be taken when implementing functionality such as {\b GetDiscardOlder()} to preserve the length of data. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The current message buffer that contains the packet data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void Poll ({\b DataBlockReason} * {\i reason}, const bool {\i discardOlderIncluded} = {\f2 false}, const unsigned int {\i discardOrder} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A poll function that is called by {\b ReplicaNet} to check for updates to this particular data block. If this virtual method is implemented by a derived class the parent method should be called before a data packet is created. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reason} \cell }{the reason code that is passed in to this class to enable a response to be calculated \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOlderIncluded} \cell }{When true and using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} this gives a hint to the {\b DataBlock} that the derived class has filled in a valid value for discardOrder. The default value is false and the {\b DataBlock} will use a global discard order seqeunce. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i discardOrder} \cell }{When using {\b SetDiscardOlder()} and discardOlderIncluded is true this must contain a valid order sequence number for the update. The sequence should be unique for each target sessionID for the update. Since the sequence number is local for each target sessionID the window size for {\b SetDiscardOlder()} can be smaller. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b DataBlock} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Register\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:Register}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b DataBlock_Predict_Float}* Register (float * {\i data}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers the memory area with this data block type and returns a new pointer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the start of the memory to check \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns a pointer that can be used to attach to a {\b ReplicaObject} \par
}}}
{\xe \v RegisterInClassPointer\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:RegisterInClassPointer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RegisterInClassPointer (float * {\i data}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers the memory area with this data block type. This is used when the memory is in datablocks that are allocated as part of a bigger class. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the start of the memory to check \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ReplicaContinuityBreak\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:ReplicaContinuityBreak}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void ReplicaContinuityBreak (const SysTimeType {\i time}, const float {\i sample}, const float {\i delta}, const bool {\i continuityBreak}, const bool {\i ignoreTimeCheck} = {\f2 false}, const bool {\i clearPreviousUpdates} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the local replica extrapolation/interpolation, thus causing a local replica continuity break until an update arrives from the network. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i time} \cell }{The network time for the update. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sample} \cell }{The data value. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i delta} \cell }{The delta value applied to the data per second. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i continuityBreak} \cell }{If true this indicates the value should be applied to the prediction calculation directly without an interpolation filter, for example a teleport continuity break uses this. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ignoreTimeCheck} \cell }{Ignores the time check allowing an older network update to be applied to the prediction calculation. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i clearPreviousUpdates} \cell }{When true and using lagged updates (using SetLagged) this clears any previously received but pending updates. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetDeltaFloat\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetDeltaFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDeltaFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use full 32 bit floating point values when propagating the value. This is the default option. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetDeltaShortFloat\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetDeltaShortFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDeltaShortFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use short 16 bit floating point values when propagating the value. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetInterpolationFilter\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetInterpolationFilter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetInterpolationFilter (float {\i interpolation} = {\f2 0.1f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the interpolation filter factor to use when extrapolating this variable type\par 0 < interpolation <= 1.0f\par 1.0f Is very hard interpolation and 0.1f is very soft. 0.1f Is the default. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i interpolation} \cell }{the interpolation to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLagged\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetLagged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLagged (const float {\i time} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows this replica {\b DataBlock} to use interpolation for a period specified by time. This has the effect of permanently lagging the changes made to the variable attached to this {\b DataBlock}. This option uses some extra memory to store updates until they can be actioned. This function can be used at any time. Each replica {\b DataBlock} can use a different time value. With ReplicaObjects that change owner there may be a pause in updates visible until the new master continues the movement and sends updates. NOTE: If a reflection object ID is set and matches the current session ID the lagged value will be ignored to avoid the update to replicas being lagged twice. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i time} \cell }{The time is seconds, so using SetLagged(0.2f) will cause all changes in this variable to appear to be 0.2 seconds behind the master object. Using a value less than or equal to 0.0f will disable this feature. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLinear\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetLinear}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLinear (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For distance based interpolation this makes the calculation based on a linear formula. The default is linear. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMaxDistance\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetMaxDistance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMaxDistance (float {\i distance} = {\f2 1.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum distance start point for the maximum error to take effect {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i the} \cell }{distance \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetMaxError\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetMaxError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMaxError (float {\i maxerror} = {\f2 1.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the maximum error that is tolerated for this variable type {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxerror} \cell }{the maximum error to tolerate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetMinDistance\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetMinDistance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMinDistance (float {\i distance} = {\f2 0.1f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the minimum distance start point for the minimum error to take effect {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i the} \cell }{distance \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetMinError\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetMinError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMinError (float {\i minerror} = {\f2 0.1f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the minimum error that is tolerated for this variable type {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i minerror} \cell }{the minimum error to tolerate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetQuadratic\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetQuadratic}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetQuadratic (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For distance based interpolation this makes the calculation based on a quadratic formula. The default is linear. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetSnapToDifference\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetSnapToDifference}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetSnapToDifference (const float {\i difference} = {\f2 -1.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows this replica {\b DataBlock} to snap to the extrapolated value if the difference is greater than the configured difference. For a replica {\b DataBlock} if the difference between this {\b DataBlock} and the extrapolated value is greater than the configured amount then the extrapolated value is applied without any interpolation filter. This option can be changed as often as required and can be configured differently for each peer. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i difference} \cell }{The default value is -1.0f meaning this feature is disabled. Any value greater than or equal to 0.0f will enable this feature. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetTimeDelta\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetTimeDelta}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetTimeDelta (const float {\i timeDelta} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the amount of time the extrapolation will calculate into the future. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i timeDelta} \cell }{The time in seconds. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetValueFloat\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetValueFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetValueFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use full 32 bit floating point values when propagating the value. This is the default option. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetValueShortFloat\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlock_Predict_Float\:SetValueShortFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetValueShortFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use short 16 bit floating point values when propagating the value. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlockReason Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlockReason}
{\xe \v DataBlockReason}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <DataBlock.h>}}\par
Collaboration diagram for DataBlockReason:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structRNReplicaNet_1_1DataBlockReason__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DataBlockReason} (int code=kDataBlockReason_NormalPoll, int session=-1, {\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object}=0)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b mReasonCode}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b mSessionReference}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper} * {\b mMessageHelper}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaObject} * {\b mObserver}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
SysTimeType {\b mFloatValue}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mFloatTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mFloatLocalTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHE}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A parameter block that is used to pass state information to a {\b DataBlock} \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DataBlockReason\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason\:DataBlockReason}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DataBlockReason} (int {\i code} = {\f2 kDataBlockReason_NormalPoll}, int {\i session} = {\f2 -1}, {\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This structure ctor sets a reason code by default if none is passed in {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i code} \cell }{The reason code to use,kDataBlockReason_NormalPoll by default \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i session} \cell }{The session ID to set in the data block, -1 by default \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
References DataBlockReason::mFloatValue, DataBlockReason::mObserver, DataBlockReason::mReasonCode, and DataBlockReason::mSessionReference.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v mFloatValue\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason\:mFloatValue}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SysTimeType mFloatValue}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A general purpose value that is dependant on the reason code \par
}{
Referenced by DataBlockReason::DataBlockReason().}\par
}
{\xe \v mMessageHelper\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason\:mMessageHelper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper}* mMessageHelper}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The message helper for this data block \par
}}
{\xe \v mObserver\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason\:mObserver}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaObject}* mObserver}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A reference to the observer object for this session reference \par
}{
Referenced by DataBlockReason::DataBlockReason().}\par
}
{\xe \v mReasonCode\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason\:mReasonCode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int mReasonCode}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The reason code \par
}{
Referenced by DataBlockReason::DataBlockReason().}\par
}
{\xe \v mSessionReference\:RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DataBlockReason\:mSessionReference}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int mSessionReference}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The reference session ID \par
}{
Referenced by DataBlockReason::DataBlockReason().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DebugHandler Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DebugHandler}
{\xe \v DebugHandler}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNZ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <DebugHandler.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b DebugPrint} (const char *)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b OutputToSocket} (const char *text)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b EnableVisualDebuggerSocket} (const int port=8000)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b DisableVisualDebuggerSocket} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b Printf} (const char *format,...)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b Poll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b GotConnection} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackConnectionError} (const int error)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b DebugHandler} is a base class for handling debug messages output by RNXPURL, RNXPSession and RNReplicaNet. The implementation of {\b DebugHandler::DebugPrint()} can be extended by the application. The default implementation of {\b DebugPrint()} is to call {\b OutputToSocket()} with the debug text. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid // Define the class\par
class ApplicationDebugHandler : public RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\par
\{\par
public:\par
    ApplicationDebugHandler() \{\};\par
    virtual ~ApplicationDebugHandler() \{\};\par
\par
    void DebugPrint(const char *text)\par
    \{\par
        // TODO: Add applications specific code here\par
\par
        // And optionally call the base class function\par
        RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler::DebugPrint(text);\par
    \}\par
\};\par
\par
#ifdef REPLICANET_VISUALDEBUGGER\par
// In the application code, to enable the debug output\par
RNReplicaNet::XPURL::RegisterDebugHandler(new ApplicationDebugHandler());\par
RNReplicaNet::XPURL::GetDebugHandler()->EnableVisualDebuggerSocket();\par
#endif}
 The class also contains a simple mechanism for starting a listen socket for a single connection from the {\b ReplicaNet} Visual Debugger application. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackConnectionError\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:CallbackConnectionError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackConnectionError (const int {\i error}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual function is called when there is a connection error. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i error} \cell }{This contains a transport specific error. Typically negative values indicate a fatal error while positive errors indicate non-fatal errors. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DebugPrint\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:DebugPrint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void DebugPrint (const char * ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual function that an application can implement to enable debug output. The default implementation calls {\b OutputToSocket()} \par
}}
{\xe \v DisableVisualDebuggerSocket\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:DisableVisualDebuggerSocket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void DisableVisualDebuggerSocket (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This frees the socket used for the Visual Debugger connection. If connected to the Visual Debugger, this terminates the connection. If there is no socket allocated or connected this function does nothing. A {\b PlatformHeap::ForceFree()} will also disconnect any active Visual Debugger connection. \par
}}
{\xe \v EnableVisualDebuggerSocket\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:EnableVisualDebuggerSocket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool EnableVisualDebuggerSocket (const int {\i port} = {\f2 8000}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This enables a TCP listen socket that can be used for connections from the Visual Debugger to this debug session. This function always calls {\b DisableVisualDebuggerSocket()} first. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i port} \cell }{The port number to listen on. The default is 8000. If the port cannot be used listening, i.e. it is used, a random port number will be chosen. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Indicates an error occurred if true, false means no error. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GotConnection\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:GotConnection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool GotConnection (void ) const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the state of the socket connection. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if there is an accepted connection, false if not. \par
}}}
{\xe \v OutputToSocket\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:OutputToSocket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool OutputToSocket (const char * {\i text}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Outputs some text to the debug socket. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i text} \cell }{The text \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Indicates an error occurred if true while sending the text, false indicates no error. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void Poll (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called regularly by the library hosting the debug connection. Can also be called by the user. \par
}}
{\xe \v Printf\:RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DebugHandler\:Printf}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void Printf (const char * {\i format},  {\i ...}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A variable argument printf style function that uses {\b DebugPrint()} to output the result {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i format} \cell }{The format, like printf. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DynamicMessageHelper Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v DynamicMessageHelper}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZE}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <MessageHelper.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DynamicMessageHelper:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DynamicMessageHelper__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for DynamicMessageHelper:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1DynamicMessageHelper__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper} (const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper} (const void *message, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~DynamicMessageHelper} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetBufferSize} (const int size=1024)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetBufferSize} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetSize} (const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddVariable} (const void *variable, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddData} (const void *data, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b FreeBuffer} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b EnsureBufferAllocated} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Write} (const char *filename, const bool rawData=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Read} (const char *filename, const bool rawData=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

template<typename T > void {\b operator<<} (const T &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

template<typename T > void {\b operator>>} (T &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator<<} (const char *rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator<<} (const std::string &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator>>} (std::string &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator<<} (const {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator>>} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b operator==} (const {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &rhs) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b operator!=} (const {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &rhs) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator<<} (const bool &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator>>} (bool &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b ReadAsHex} (const std::string &data)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This extends the interface provided by {\b MessageHelper} to include a data buffer that dynamically grows to accommodate new data. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DynamicMessageHelper\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:DynamicMessageHelper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v DynamicMessageHelper\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:DynamicMessageHelper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper} (const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{If size is greater than 0 then the buffer is allocated to be that size. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DynamicMessageHelper\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:DynamicMessageHelper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DynamicMessageHelper} (const void * {\i message}, const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{If message is not null then the data is copied to the message for size bytes. If message is null then a buffer of size is allocated but there is no copy of data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{If size is greater than 0 then the buffer is allocated to be that size. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ~DynamicMessageHelper\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:~DynamicMessageHelper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b DynamicMessageHelper} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddData\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:AddData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddData (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i size}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a data block of a specified size to the message buffer without using any endian checking {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b MessageHelper} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v AddVariable\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:AddVariable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddVariable (const void * {\i variable}, const int {\i size}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a variable of a specified size to the message buffer while using an endian check to preserve the value between platforms with different endian formats {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i variable} \cell }{the pointer to the variable \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b MessageHelper} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v EnsureBufferAllocated\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:EnsureBufferAllocated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void EnsureBufferAllocated (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This ensures the buffer is allocated. \par
}}
{\xe \v FreeBuffer\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:FreeBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void FreeBuffer (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This frees the buffer used by this class and sets the current size to 0. This also calls {\b SetBufferSize()} to reset the size to the default value. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetBufferSize\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:GetBufferSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetBufferSize (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the value configured by {\b SetBufferSize()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value configured by {\b SetBufferSize()}. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Read\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:Read}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Read (const char * {\i filename}, const bool {\i rawData} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the contents of a file to this class. {\b GetBufferSize()} will return the size of the message in the file and {\b GetSize()} will return 0. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i rawData} \cell }{If true this will read the raw data of the file and not check for the {\b DynamicMessageHelper} file header. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ReadAsHex\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:ReadAsHex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool ReadAsHex (const std::string & {\i data})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads a hex encoded buffer without commas and converts it to binary data from the current position of the buffer. If there is an error reading the data then the result of the buffer is undefined. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetBufferSize\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:SetBufferSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetBufferSize (const int {\i size} = {\f2 1024})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the data buffer size to use while constructing or deconstructing this message. Any previous buffer is freed. The buffer is not allocated immediately, buffer allocation happens when data is added to the buffer. To force an allocation of the buffer use {\b EnsureBufferAllocated()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i buffer} \cell }{the buffer pointer to set. The default size is 1024 bytes. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetSize\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:SetSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetSize (const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the current size of the message in bytes, allocating a buffer if required. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i the} \cell }{size of the message in bytes \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Write\:RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::DynamicMessageHelper\:Write}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Write (const char * {\i filename}, const bool {\i rawData} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Writes the contents of this class to a file. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i rawData} \cell }{If true this will write the raw data of the file and not add the {\b DynamicMessageHelper} file header. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Encryption Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Encryption}
{\xe \v Encryption}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWG}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Encryption.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b Key}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b Encrypt} (void *data, int length, {\b Key} *key)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b Decrypt} (void *data, int length, {\b Key} *key)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b CommutativeEncrypt} (void *data, int length, {\b Key} *key)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b CommutativeDecrypt} (void *data, int length, {\b Key} *key)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b CommutativeEncryptBytewise} (void *data, int length, {\b Key} *key)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b CommutativeDecryptBytewise} (void *data, int length, {\b Key} *key)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An symmetric encryption class that is designed to be fast and maintain the size of the original data. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CommutativeDecrypt\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption\:CommutativeDecrypt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void CommutativeDecrypt (void * {\i data}, int {\i length}, {\b Key} * {\i key}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Decrypt a portion of memory with a key with a commutative algorithm. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the start of the memory \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the memory in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i key} \cell }{the key to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CommutativeDecryptBytewise\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption\:CommutativeDecryptBytewise}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void CommutativeDecryptBytewise (void * {\i data}, int {\i length}, {\b Key} * {\i key}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Decrypt a portion of memory with a key with a commutative bytewise algorithm. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the start of the memory \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the memory in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i key} \cell }{the key to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CommutativeEncrypt\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption\:CommutativeEncrypt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void CommutativeEncrypt (void * {\i data}, int {\i length}, {\b Key} * {\i key}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Encrypt a portion of memory with a key with a commutative algorithm. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the start of the memory \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the memory in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i key} \cell }{the key to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CommutativeEncryptBytewise\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption\:CommutativeEncryptBytewise}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void CommutativeEncryptBytewise (void * {\i data}, int {\i length}, {\b Key} * {\i key}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Encrypt a portion of memory with a key with a commutative bytewise algorithm. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the start of the memory \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the memory in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i key} \cell }{the key to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Decrypt\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption\:Decrypt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void Decrypt (void * {\i data}, int {\i length}, {\b Key} * {\i key}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Decrypt a portion of memory with a key. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the start of the memory \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the memory in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i key} \cell }{the key to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Encrypt\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption\:Encrypt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void Encrypt (void * {\i data}, int {\i length}, {\b Key} * {\i key}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Encrypt a portion of memory with a key. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the start of the memory \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the memory in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i key} \cell }{the key to use \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ScanPath::Entry Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ScanPath::Entry}
{\xe \v ScanPath::Entry}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGU}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An entry in the list updated by {\b ScanPath::Start()} }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <ScanPath.h>}}\par
Collaboration diagram for ScanPath::Entry:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1ScanPath_1_1Entry__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The name of the entry. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The size of the entry. This can be the length of the file or the size of the directory. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsDirectory}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsLink}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsFile}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

FILETIME {\b mLastWriteTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b FileChecksum} {\b mChecksum}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHB}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An entry in the list updated by {\b ScanPath::Start()} \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BaseTransportServer::Entry Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BaseTransportServer::Entry}
{\xe \v BaseTransportServer::Entry}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAT}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mLastPacketTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLastPacketsSent}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mWaitingForDisconnect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mError}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mClientACKConnectionNonce}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mCachedConnectionNonce}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAZ}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatchIndexManager::EntryInfo Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatchIndexManager::EntryInfo}
{\xe \v PatchIndexManager::EntryInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEQ}
Collaboration diagram for PatchIndexManager::EntryInfo:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1PatchIndexManager_1_1EntryInfo__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mNumMaxVersions}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACER}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b VersionInfo} {\b mScratch}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACES}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::list< {\b VersionInfo} > {\b mVersions}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACET}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mHasBeenHandled}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEU}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MessageHelper::Exception Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MessageHelper::Exception}
{\xe \v MessageHelper::Exception}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZD}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ScanPath::FileChecksum Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ScanPath::FileChecksum}
{\xe \v ScanPath::FileChecksum}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mValue} [8]{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHD}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Function Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Function}
{\xe \v Function}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFY}
Inheritance diagram for Function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Function__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for Function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Function__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Function} (name)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This datablock handles members functions in C++ classes that need to shared across the network\par The class inherits from the {\b std_datablock} type. See the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for more details of this datablock type.\par Please see {\b object::extern()} for more information regarding this {\b DataBlock} type. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Function\:RNReplicaNet::Function}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Function\:Function}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Function} (name )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The name of the function to share across the network. For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid  networking\par
 \{\par
    Function AMemberFunction;\par
 \}}
 \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ImpairedPacket Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ImpairedPacket}
{\xe \v ImpairedPacket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
Collaboration diagram for ImpairedPacket:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structImpairedPacket__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b mSocket}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

char * {\b mData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLen}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b t_XPAddress} {\b mAddr}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Job Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Job}
{\xe \v Job}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Job} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~Job} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b Run} ({\b ThreadClass} *thread)=0{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b IsCancelled} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetReference} (void *const ref){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b JobManager}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b Worker}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXO}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Job\:RNReplicaNet::Job}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Job\:Job}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Job} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~Job\:RNReplicaNet::Job}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Job\:~Job}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b Job} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure the entire job queue is terminated. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
JobManager Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v JobManager}
{\xe \v JobManager}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWT}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <JobManager.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for JobManager:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1JobManager__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for JobManager:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1JobManager__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b JobManager} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~JobManager} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetPoolSize} (const size_t poolSize={\b PlatformInfo::GetNumberOfCores}()){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Stop} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b AddPoolJob} ({\b Job} *job)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b CancelJobs} (void *const job){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWX}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b Worker}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This {\b JobManager} class handles pool of threads that queue and run jobs. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v JobManager\:RNReplicaNet::JobManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::JobManager\:JobManager}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b JobManager} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~JobManager\:RNReplicaNet::JobManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::JobManager\:~JobManager}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b JobManager} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure the entire job queue is terminated. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddPoolJob\:RNReplicaNet::JobManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::JobManager\:AddPoolJob}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool AddPoolJob ({\b Job} * {\i job})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Queues a jobs to run. If {\b PlatformInfo::IsThreaded()} returns false then {\b AddPoolJob()} will immediately run the job and return. Once the {\b Job} finishes running then it is automatically deleted. Before Job::Run() finishes the user should call out to save important {\b Job} data, or communicate the results of a calculation. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Encryption::Key Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Encryption::Key}
{\xe \v Encryption::Key}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWN}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Key} (const {\b Key} &source){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Create} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddCrypto} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b AddCrypto} (const unsigned char salt){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWP}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned char {\b mKey} [kEncryptionKeyLengthBytes]{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWQ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddCrypto\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption::Key}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption::Key\:AddCrypto}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddCrypto (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds the data to an existing crypto key, for example a salt value to cause the key to change for each block of data. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to use as a seed for the key. This can be NULL to use the default key. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to use for creating the key \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Create\:RNReplicaNet::Encryption::Key}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Encryption::Key\:Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Create (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a key from data and an input length. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to use as a seed for the key. This can be NULL to use the default key. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to use for creating the key \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LockingMechanism Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v LockingMechanism}
{\xe \v LockingMechanism}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEI}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ThreadClass.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b LockingMechanism} ({\b MutexClass} *lockee)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~LockingMechanism} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A simple class that handles locking of a class via the {\b MutexClass} \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v LockingMechanism\:RNReplicaNet::LockingMechanism}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::LockingMechanism\:LockingMechanism}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b LockingMechanism} ({\b MutexClass} * {\i lockee})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This begins the lock of the class {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockee} \cell }{A pointer to the class to lock, that inherits from {\b MutexClass} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ~LockingMechanism\:RNReplicaNet::LockingMechanism}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::LockingMechanism\:~LockingMechanism}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b LockingMechanism} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor unlocks the class automatically \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StatServer::LoginIDData Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StatServer::LoginIDData}
{\xe \v StatServer::LoginIDData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJX}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::map< std::string, \par
std::string > {\b mValuePairs}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJY}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatchIndexManager::ltLowerStr Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatchIndexManager::ltLowerStr}
{\xe \v PatchIndexManager::ltLowerStr}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEV}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b operator()} (const std::string &a, const std::string &b) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEW}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_Predict_Float::MasterData Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::MasterData}
{\xe \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::MasterData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mDelta}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mSample}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mSampleTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mSampleHistory} [2]{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mSampleHistoryTime} [2]{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mSampleHistoryTimeLocal} [2]{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mGotDeltaHint}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mTheDeltaHint}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALR}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MessageHelper Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MessageHelper}
{\xe \v MessageHelper}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXR}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <MessageHelper.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for MessageHelper:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1MessageHelper__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Exception}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b MessageHelper} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~MessageHelper} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetBuffer} (void *const buffer)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void * {\b GetBuffer} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void * {\b GetCurrentPosition} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b AddVariable} (const void *variable, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b AddData} (const void *data, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetVariable} (void *const variable, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetData} (void *const data, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SkipData} (const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetSize} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetSize} (const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddInteger} (const int value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddFloat} (const float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetInteger} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b DumpAsHex} (const bool csv=true) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetGuardSize} (const int size=-1)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SanityCheckGuardSize} (const int newSize=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetLastSizeAdded} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

template<typename T > void {\b operator<<} (const T &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

template<typename T > void {\b operator>>} (T &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator<<} (const char *rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator<<} (const std::string &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator>>} (std::string &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator<<} (const bool &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b operator>>} (bool &rhs){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b AddVariable} (void *buffer, const void *variable, const int size){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds data to a buffer with endian checking. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b GetVariable} (const void *buffer, void *const variable, const int size){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds data from a buffer with endian checking. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int {\b GetInt} (const void *buffer, const int offset){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static short {\b GetShort} (const void *buffer, const int offset){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b SetInt} (void *buffer, const int offset, const int value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b SetShort} (void *buffer, const int offset, const short value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static std::string {\b DumpAsHex} (const void *data, const int size, const bool csv=true)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLastSizeAdded}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYH}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A simple message helper class that helps to construct and deconstruct sequences of variables. This routine is endian safe and should be used where data needs to be endian safe \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v MessageHelper\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:MessageHelper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b MessageHelper} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~MessageHelper\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:~MessageHelper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b MessageHelper} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddData\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:AddData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void AddData (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i size}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a data block of a specified size to the message buffer without using any endian checking {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b DynamicMessageHelper} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v AddFloat\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:AddFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddFloat (const float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a float to the message buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i value} \cell }{the value to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v AddInteger\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:AddInteger}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddInteger (const int {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds an integer to the message buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i value} \cell }{the value to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v AddVariable\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:AddVariable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void AddVariable (const void * {\i variable}, const int {\i size}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a variable of a specified size to the message buffer while using an endian check to preserve the value between platforms with different endian formats {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i variable} \cell }{the pointer to the variable \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b DynamicMessageHelper} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v DumpAsHex\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:DumpAsHex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static std::string DumpAsHex (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i size}, const bool {\i csv} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This produces a hex dump of any length of data \par
}}
{\xe \v GetBuffer\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void* GetBuffer (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the pointer to the start of the buffer. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The pointer to the start of the buffer. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCurrentPosition\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetCurrentPosition}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void* GetCurrentPosition (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the pointer to the current position in the buffer. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The pointer to the current position in the buffer. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetData\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetData (void *const {\i data}, const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets data of a specified size from the message buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetFloat\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets a float from the message buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i value} \cell }{the value to get \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetInteger\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetInteger}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetInteger (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets an integer from the message buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i value} \cell }{the value to get \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetLastSizeAdded\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetLastSizeAdded}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetLastSizeAdded (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the last size added to this {\b MessageHelper}. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetSize\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetSize (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the current size of the message in bytes \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the size of the message buffer in bytes \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetVariable\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:GetVariable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetVariable (void *const {\i variable}, const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets a variable of a specified size from the message buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i variable} \cell }{the pointer to the variable \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetBuffer\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:SetBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetBuffer (void *const {\i buffer})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the data buffer pointer to use while constructing or deconstructing this message. This also causes the length of the buffer to revert to zero. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i buffer} \cell }{the buffer pointer to set \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetGuardSize\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:SetGuardSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetGuardSize (const int {\i size} = {\f2 -1})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the guard size and if the MessageHepler reads past the guard a MessageHepler::Exception() exception is thrown. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{If < 0 then the exception is disabled. Otherwise an exception is thrown when data is read beyond the size configured. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetSize\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:SetSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetSize (const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the current size of the message in bytes. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i the} \cell }{size of the message in bytes \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SkipData\:RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MessageHelper\:SkipData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SkipData (const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Skips data of a specified size from the message buffer {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatchIndexManager::ModifiedInfo Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatchIndexManager::ModifiedInfo}
{\xe \v PatchIndexManager::ModifiedInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEX}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mVisited}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mTimeStamp}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEZ}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MutexClass Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MutexClass}
{\xe \v MutexClass}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDR}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ThreadClass.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for MutexClass:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1MutexClass__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kNoOwnerThread} = -1
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b MutexClass} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~MutexClass} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Lock} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UnLock} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a mutex object and controls access to the class and related derived classes \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v MutexClass\:RNReplicaNet::MutexClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MutexClass\:MutexClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b MutexClass} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation. \par
}}
{\xe \v ~MutexClass\:RNReplicaNet::MutexClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MutexClass\:~MutexClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b MutexClass} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Lock\:RNReplicaNet::MutexClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MutexClass\:Lock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Lock (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to lock access to this class. The lock with block until it is able to succeed \par
}}
{\xe \v UnLock\:RNReplicaNet::MutexClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::MutexClass\:UnLock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UnLock (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Unlocks access to this class \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MyService Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MyService}
{\xe \v MyService}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
Inheritance diagram for MyService:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMyService__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for MyService:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMyService__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Main} (int argc=0, char **argv=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetDebugStatusLine} ({\b RNReplicaNet::SysTime} &theTime){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Main\:MyService}
{\xe \v MyService\:Main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Main (int {\i argc} = {\f2 0}, char ** {\i argv} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The main work function which must be implemented. Any unhandled exception (such as accessing an invalid memory address) will be caught by this Service class and will usually cause the service to restart if configured. \par
}{
Implements {\b Service} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
{
References Service::DebugOut(), Service::DebugPrintNoParams(), XPAddress::Export(), PlatformHeap::ForceFree(), Service::NeedToExitMain(), CurrentThread::Sleep(), XPSock_Init(), and XPSock_UrgentCreate().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
namespace Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v namespace}
{\xe \v namespace}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEP}
Inheritance diagram for namespace:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1namespace__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for namespace:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1namespace__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class defines the C++ namespace used an object\par For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid namespace Foo\par
\{\par
    object ATestClass\par
    \{\par
    \}\par
\}\par
}
 \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NATDetectClient Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NATDetectClient}
{\xe \v NATDetectClient}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCP}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <NATDetectClient.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for NATDetectClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1NATDetectClient__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for NATDetectClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1NATDetectClient__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b NATType} \{ {\b kOpen} = 0, 
{\b kModerate}, 
{\b kStrict}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const int channel=TransportAnyGameChannel)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetServers} (const {\b XPAddress} &address1, const {\b XPAddress} &address2){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCQ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the address and port of the servers. The default for the instance of the class is localhost and port NATDetectServer::kDefaultPort and NATDetectServer::kDefaultPort+1 or the address resolved by a successful {\b BackendClient::Start()}. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCompleted} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NATDetectServer::Reply {\b GetReply} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NATType {\b GetNATType} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCR}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If {\b GetReply()} == NATDetectServer::kReply_Success this returns the type of NAT calculated by this class. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPAddress} {\b GetPublicAddress} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCS}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the public internet address of this computer as seen by the {\b NATDetectServer}. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackCompleted} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCT}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the NATDetect calculation is complete. {\b GetReply()}, {\b GetNATType()} and {\b GetPublicAddress()} can be used during this callback or at any time after completion. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b GetAddressReplies} ({\b XPAddress} &addr1, {\b XPAddress} &addr2){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCU}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the two addresses as seen by the {\b NATDetectServer}. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class interrogates the network connection of a machine to determine the if there is any NAT implemented to known external machines. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GetCompleted\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATDetectClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATDetectClient\:GetCompleted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCompleted (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the completion state of the last query. When the query completes the result can be retrieved by using {\b GetReply()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A completed query returns true, a pending query returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetReply\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATDetectClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATDetectClient\:GetReply}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
NATDetectServer::Reply GetReply (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the last reply from a completed query. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The last reply from a completed query. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATDetectClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATDetectClient\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const int {\i channel} = {\f2 TransportAnyGameChannel})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If using a specific game channel for ReplicaNet/XPSession then remember to stop the {\b NATDetectClient} service before calling {\b ReplicaNet::SessionCreate()}/XPSession::Create() so the game channel is free for ReplicaNet/XPSession to use. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NATDetectServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NATDetectServer}
{\xe \v NATDetectServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCY}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <NATDetectServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for NATDetectServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1NATDetectServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for NATDetectServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1NATDetectServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Reply} \{ {\b kReply_Pending} = 0, 
{\b kReply_Success}, 
{\b kReply_Timeout}
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 4004, 
{\b kDefaultPortOther} = 4005
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (const {\b XPAddress} &address={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort), const {\b XPAddress} &addressOther={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPortOther)){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackGotNATDetectProbe} (const {\b XPAddress} &address) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A stateless server that responds to query packets with the encoded public IP address of the source. Two instances of this server should be run each on their own separate IP address (in total four IP address:port pairs are used) to allow the {\b NATDetectClient} to deduce the NAT type. Assuming a setup with two IP addresses 88.208.234.187 and 88.208.234.188:\par A multihomed machine with two or more public IP addresses could use: RLSrvNATDetect.exe /i /s -addr 88.208.234.187:3003 -addr2 88.208.234.187:3004 -addr 88.208.234.188:3003 -addr2 88.208.234.188:3004\par A setup with one public IP address for each machine would need to use two machines: RLSrvNATDetect.exe /i /s -addr 88.208.234.187:3003 -addr2 88.208.234.187:3004\parRLSrvNATDetect.exe /i /s -addr 88.208.234.188:3003 -addr2 88.208.234.188:3004\par \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NATResolver Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NATResolver}
{\xe \v NATResolver}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDB}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <NATResolver.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for NATResolver:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1NATResolver__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for NATResolver:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1NATResolver__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 4002
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Stop} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetAutomaticThreadStop} (const bool allow=true){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When the {\b NATResolver} becomes inactive for a period of time this allows the thread to stop processing. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticHostSocketReads} (const bool allow=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEncryptionKey} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b BeginHosting} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b BeginAdvertise} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, void *userPointer, const bool isAdvertised, const int globalID, const int sessionID, const int nonceID, const bool externalHost=true, const {\b XPAddress} *optionalHost=0, const bool persistant=false)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Advertises a socket with a set of identifying numbers (isAdvertised, globalID, nonceID) which should be globally unique for this socket. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b BeginResolve} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, void *userPointer, const bool isAdvertised, const int globalID, const int sessionID, const int nonceID, const bool tryExternalHost=true, const {\b XPAddress} *optionalHost=0, const {\b XPAddress} *optionalFirstTargetTry=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b ForgetSocket} (const {\b t_XPSocket} *socket){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes the socket from the {\b NATResolver} index. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b ForgetUserPointer} (const void *userPointer){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDE}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Forgets all sockets with the same userPointer. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b ForgetResolve} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const bool isAdvertised, const int globalID, const int sessionID, const int nonceID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes the specific resolve request. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CallbackParsePacketData} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const {\b XPAddress} &addr, void *data, size_t length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetServer} (const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackResolveFailed} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, void *userPointer, const int titleID, const bool isAdvertised, const int globalID, const int sessionID, const int nonceID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDG}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when a NAT resolve attempt fails. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackResolveResult} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, void *userPointer, const {\b XPAddress} &targetAddress, const int titleID, const bool isAdvertised, const int globalID, const int sessionID, const int nonceID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackExternalAddressKnown} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, void *userPointer, const {\b XPAddress} &externalAddress, const int titleID, const bool isAdvertised, const int globalID, const int sessionID, const int nonceID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDH}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when an advertised socket it told the external address from being advertised to an external host. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This NAT resolver uses incoming data to respond to queries for NAT negotiation. It can also make requests for NAT negotiation. This class can also make queries to NAT resolve. This class is used by {\b TransportNATUDP}. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v BeginAdvertise\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:BeginAdvertise}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool BeginAdvertise ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, void * {\i userPointer}, const bool {\i isAdvertised}, const int {\i globalID}, const int {\i sessionID}, const int {\i nonceID}, const bool {\i externalHost} = {\f2 true}, const {\b XPAddress} * {\i optionalHost} = {\f2 0}, const bool {\i persistant} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Advertises a socket with a set of identifying numbers (isAdvertised, globalID, nonceID) which should be globally unique for this socket. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the {\b NATResolver} thread has not started then this calls {\b Start()} first. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{The socket to advertise. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userPointer} \cell }{A user pointer passed to {\b NATResolver} callbacks. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i isAdvertised} \cell }{Can be true or false indicating if the socket is advertised with a game server. If being used by {\b TransportNATUDP} this detects if {\b AdvertiseClient} is advertising a connection. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i globalID} \cell }{Must a globally unique number, for example a hash of the public IP address. If being used by {\b TransportNATUDP} this uses the advertised ID from {\b AdvertiseClient} or the currently logged in userID. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nonceID} \cell }{Must be a locally unique number, for example the value from NOnceGen::GetNOnce() or the value of the socket pointer cast to an int. If being used by {\b TransportNATUDP} this uses the value from NOnceGen::GetNOnce(). \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i externalHost} \cell }{If true then this will attempt to ask an external server to help with resolving. The server is set by {\b SetServer()} or by default uses the RNLobby {\b NATResolver} server. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i optionalHost} \cell }{An optional host to contact to help with resolving. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i persistant} \cell }{Keeps the socket alive for longer in the {\b NATResolver} index. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v BeginHosting\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:BeginHosting}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool BeginHosting ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Hosts a {\b NATResolver} server instance on this socket. The socket is automatically polled is SetAutomaticHostSocketReads(true) is used. If the {\b NATResolver} thread has not started then this calls {\b Start()} first. \par
}}
{\xe \v BeginResolve\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:BeginResolve}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool BeginResolve ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, void * {\i userPointer}, const bool {\i isAdvertised}, const int {\i globalID}, const int {\i sessionID}, const int {\i nonceID}, const bool {\i tryExternalHost} = {\f2 true}, const {\b XPAddress} * {\i optionalHost} = {\f2 0}, const {\b XPAddress} * {\i optionalFirstTargetTry} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts resolving a connection between this socket and the socket advertised with the set of identifying numbers (isAdvertised, globalID, nonceID). Either {\b CallbackResolveFailed()} or {\b CallbackResolveResult()} will be called. If the {\b NATResolver} thread has not started then this calls {\b Start()} first. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{The socket to resolve. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userPointer} \cell }{A user pointer passed to {\b NATResolver} callbacks. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i isAdvertised} \cell }{A value set by {\b BeginAdvertise()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i globalID} \cell }{A value set by {\b BeginAdvertise()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nonceID} \cell }{A value set by {\b BeginAdvertise()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i tryExternalHost} \cell }{If true then this will attempt to ask an external server to help with resolving. The server is set by {\b SetServer()} or by default uses the RNLobby {\b NATResolver} server. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i optionalHost} \cell }{An optional host to contact to help with resolving. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i optionalFirstTargetTry} \cell }{An optional address to try first, this could be the local LAN IP address. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParsePacketData\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:CallbackParsePacketData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CallbackParsePacketData ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i addr}, void * {\i data}, size_t {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The user may call this function when a packet is received on a socket that where NAT packets can potentially be received. For example, internally the NATUDP {\b Transport} uses a reliable UDP manager which calls a hook function, if it exists after is has been installed by RNLobby::RegisterDefaultTransports(), this function then calls {\b CallbackParsePacketData()} for any packets that arrive allowing the extension NATUDP transport to automatically NAT resolve without needed an explicit library dependancy between RNXPURL and RNLobby. If the {\b NATResolver} thread has not started then this calls {\b Start()} first. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if the packet is a NAT packet, which implies the packet data doesn't need to be processed by the receiver. \par
False if the packet isn't a NAT packet. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackResolveResult\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:CallbackResolveResult}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackResolveResult ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, void * {\i userPointer}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i targetAddress}, const int {\i titleID}, const bool {\i isAdvertised}, const int {\i globalID}, const int {\i sessionID}, const int {\i nonceID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when a NAT resolve attempt succeeds. /param targetAddress The target address the socket can send packets to. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticHostSocketReads\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:SetAutomaticHostSocketReads}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticHostSocketReads (const bool {\i allow} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the host socket set by BeginHosting to be automatically read and all packets received on that socket to be parsed. Also calls SetAutomaticThreadStop(false) \par
}}
{\xe \v SetEncryptionKey\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:SetEncryptionKey}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEncryptionKey (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the encryption key to be used by all queries for this server. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The data to use as a seed for the key. This can be NULL to use the default key. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data to use for creating the key. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetServer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:SetServer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetServer (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the address and port of the server. The default for the instance of the class is localhost and port NATResolver::kDefaultPort or the address resolved by a successful {\b BackendClient::Start()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The new address and port number to use for the server \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the NAT resolver thread. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::NATResolver\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Stop (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the NAT resolver thread. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NData Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NData}
{\xe \v NData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGA}
Inheritance diagram for NData:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1NData__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for NData:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1NData__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NData} (memberVariable)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DisableEndianTest} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This datablock type handles changes for member variables that contain data types that do not need to have prediction and extrapolation. For example these types could be ints or shorts. See the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for more details of this datablock type. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v NData\:RNReplicaNet::NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NData\:NData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b NData} (memberVariable )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to define a member variable that is to be used. For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid  NData mAnIntMemberVariable\par
\par
 or\par
\par
 NData mAnIntMemberVariable\par
 \{\par
    Reliable();         // Makes the datablock use the reliable method\par
 \}}
 \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DisableEndianTest\:RNReplicaNet::NData}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NData\:DisableEndianTest}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
DisableEndianTest ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to disable the endian test for this area of memory. This useful for preserving string data for example. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NDataAt Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NDataAt}
{\xe \v NDataAt}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGD}
Inheritance diagram for NDataAt:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1NDataAt__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for NDataAt:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1NDataAt__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NDataAt} (memberVariable)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DisableEndianTest} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This datablock type handles changes for array types of member variables that contain data types that do not need to have prediction and extrapolation. For example char[16]. See the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for more details of this datablock type. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v NDataAt\:RNReplicaNet::NDataAt}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NDataAt\:NDataAt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b NDataAt} (memberVariable )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to define a member variable that is to be used. For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid  NData mAMemberVariable;\par
\par
 or\par
\par
 NData mAMemberVariable\par
 \{\par
    Reliable();         // Makes the datablock use the reliable method\par
 \}\par
\par
 This would be used from a C++ member variable of the type:\par
 char mAMemberVariable[16];}
 \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DisableEndianTest\:RNReplicaNet::NDataAt}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NDataAt\:DisableEndianTest}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
DisableEndianTest ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to disable the endian test for this area of memory. This useful for preserving string data for example. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NetworkEmulation Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v NetworkEmulation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOI}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <NetworkEmulation.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b ConnectionTypes} \{ {\b kPerfect} = 0, 
{\b kModem28k}, 
{\b kModem56k}, 
{\b kDSL512MB_Down128Up}, 
{\b kLAN}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetEnabled} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetEnabled} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetConnection} (const {\b ConnectionTypes} type={\b kPerfect}, const bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetPacketLoss} (const float percent=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static float {\b GetPacketLoss} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetMaximumOutputBandwidth} (const int bytesPerSecond=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetMaximumOutputBandwidth} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetMaximumInputBandwidth} (const int bytesPerSecond=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetMaximumInputBandwidth} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetAverageLatency} (const float seconds=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static float {\b GetAverageLatency} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetJitter} (const float seconds=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static float {\b GetJitter} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b NetworkEmulation} allows various emulated network settings to be changed to allow the user to test their application with emulated packet loss, latency, jitter and bandwidth controls.\par This class is a static access class. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Enumeration Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ConnectionTypes\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:ConnectionTypes}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b ConnectionTypes}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enumeration for the SetConnection function for standard types of connection \par
}{{{\b Enumerator}}\par
\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\xe \v kPerfect\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:kPerfect}
{\b {\i kPerfect{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOK}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No packet loss, latency or bandwidth impairment. \par
}{\xe \v kModem28k\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:kModem28k}
{\b {\i kModem28k{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOL}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Simulates a 28k analogue modem \par
}{\xe \v kModem56k\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:kModem56k}
{\b {\i kModem56k{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOM}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Simulates a 56k analogue modem \par
}{\xe \v kDSL512MB_Down128Up\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:kDSL512MB_Down128Up}
{\b {\i kDSL512MB_Down128Up{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABON}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Simulates a common type of DSL connection \par
}{\xe \v kLAN\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:kLAN}
{\b {\i kLAN{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOO}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Simulates a LAN network \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GetAverageLatency\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:GetAverageLatency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static float GetAverageLatency (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetAverageLatency()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetEnabled\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:GetEnabled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetEnabled (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the network emulation activation status to be read \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true is the network emulation is enabled \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetJitter\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:GetJitter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static float GetJitter (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetJitter()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMaximumInputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:GetMaximumInputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int GetMaximumInputBandwidth (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b GetMaximumInputBandwidth()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMaximumOutputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:GetMaximumOutputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int GetMaximumOutputBandwidth (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetMaximumOutputBandwidth()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPacketLoss\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:GetPacketLoss}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static float GetPacketLoss (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the configured emulated packet loss to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the emulated packet loss value \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetAverageLatency\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:SetAverageLatency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetAverageLatency (const float {\i seconds} = {\f2 0.0f}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the average packet latency, this is half round trip time. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i milliSeconds} \cell }{the latency in seconds. So setting this to be 0.1f will mean a packet latency of 100ms is used. The default value is 0 meaning there is no latency. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetConnection\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:SetConnection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetConnection (const {\b ConnectionTypes} {\i type} = {\f2 {\b kPerfect}}, const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the network emulation parameters to be set quickly for various standard testing types {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{the type of connection to emulate \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{enable or disable the emulation \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetEnabled\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:SetEnabled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetEnabled (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the network emulation to be turned on or off {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{set this to be true or false to turn on or off the network emulation. The default is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetJitter\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:SetJitter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetJitter (const float {\i seconds} = {\f2 0.0f}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the amount by which the latency value can fluctuate {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i milliSeconds} \cell }{the jitter in seconds. So setting this to be 0.05f and latency to 0.1f will mean a packet latency of 50ms to 150ms (100ms +-50ms) can be used. The default value is 0 meaning there is no jitter. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetMaximumInputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:SetMaximumInputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetMaximumInputBandwidth (const int {\i bytesPerSecond} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum input bandwidth for emulation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bytesPerSecond} \cell }{the bandwidth in bytes per second. The default value is 0 meaning there is no limit. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetMaximumOutputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:SetMaximumOutputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetMaximumOutputBandwidth (const int {\i bytesPerSecond} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum output bandwidth for emulation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bytesPerSecond} \cell }{the bandwidth in bytes per second. The default value is 0 meaning there is no limit. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPacketLoss\:RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::NetworkEmulation\:SetPacketLoss}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetPacketLoss (const float {\i percent} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the emulated packet loss for the network layer. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i percent} \cell }{Sets the emulated packet loss level where percent is any value from 0 to 100 percent packet loss. The default value is 0 meaning no packet loss. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
networking Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v networking}
{\xe \v networking}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEO}
Inheritance diagram for networking:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1networking__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for networking:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1networking__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class defines which elements of the ROL object are used in the networking code which will typically be datablocks and their corresponding variables.\par For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid object ATestClass\par
\{\par
    datablock NData;\par
\par
    networking\par
    \{\par
        NData mSomeData;\par
    \}\par
\}\par
}
 \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
object Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v object}
{\xe \v object}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEQ}
Inheritance diagram for object:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1object__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for object:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1object__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b datablock} (name)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b datablockcustom} (name)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b addinclude} (name)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b extern} (...)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ApproveMigration} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ApproveFault} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Reliable} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Certain} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Ordered} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Unreliable} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetDiscardOlder} (int windowBits)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetLoadBalancing} (bool enable)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetLoadBalancingDefault} (bool defaultValue)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetLoadScore} (float load)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetLoadScoreDefault} (float defaultLoad)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance} (float distance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault} (float distance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b RealInclude} (char *includeFile)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b AddHeaderInclude} (char *includeFile)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetOpaqueType} (char *baseClassType)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The object class defines the object class framework to use. For example if a C++ class looks like this: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid class ATestClass\par
\{\par
    ATestClass() \{\};\par
    virtual ~ATestClass() \{\};\par
public:\par
    int mObjectHealth;      // This is going to be shared to all networked objects\par
\};\par
}
 If the class member variable is to be shared over the network then create a file called _RO_ATestClass.rol containing similar to code this: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid object ATestClass\par
\{\par
    datablock NData;\par
\par
    networking\par
    \{\par
        NData mObjectHealth;\par
    \}\par
\}\par
}
 Then you can compile this file with the {\b RNROLCompiler}. The generated C++ files should then be included in your project. The C++ class definition should be changed to look like this: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid class ATestClass : _RO_DO_PUBLIC_RO(ATestClass)\par
\{\par
...\par
}
 This is so your C++ class inherits from the generated RO class (Replicated Object) which is now aware of the network.\par An alternative would be to not use the _RO_DO_PUBLIC_RO() macro and use this format instead: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid class ATestClass : public _RO_ATestClass\par
\{\par
...\par
}
 Note that the name used in the ROL file for the class has '{\i RO} ' added to the start of the name. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddHeaderInclude\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:AddHeaderInclude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
AddHeaderInclude (char * {\i includeFile})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i includeFile} \cell }{the filename of the include file for a header file. This command is most useful as a pre-ctor stage command. For example in an ROL file: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid object > AddHeaderInclude("ATypeInclude.h") Test\par
}
 Adds the header file "ATypeInclude.h" to the header file of the compiled ROL output. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v addinclude\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:addinclude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
addinclude (name )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This keyword add an include file to the {\b ReplicaObject}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{the name of the include file with or without path to add to the object. This then adds the include "xxxx" to the {\b ReplicaObject} derived class cpp file where xxxx is the name and optional path of the datablock used. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ApproveFault\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:ApproveFault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
ApproveFault ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABET}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes this object fault tolerant \par
}}
{\xe \v ApproveMigration\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:ApproveMigration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
ApproveMigration ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes this object approve migration requests \par
}}
{\xe \v Certain\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:Certain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Certain ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the object update use the certain method \par
}}
{\xe \v datablock\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:datablock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
datablock (name )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This keyword defines a datablock that is used in the object. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{the name of the datablock used in this object. This then adds the include "RNReplicaNet/Inc/DataBlock_xxxx.h" to the {\b ReplicaObject} derived class cpp file where xxxx is the name of the datablock used. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v datablockcustom\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:datablockcustom}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
datablockcustom (name )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This keyword defines a custom datablock that is used in the object. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{the name of the datablock used in this object. This then adds the include "DataBlock_xxxx.h" to the {\b ReplicaObject} derived class cpp file where xxxx is the name of the datablock used. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v extern\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:extern}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
extern ( {\i ...})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This keyword defined a function prototype used in the C++ class that you want to be able to call across the network. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ...} \cell }{The parameter prototype for a function used in a C++ class. For example you would use: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     // Define the function.\par
    extern AMemberFunction(int,float);\par
\par
    ... Code ...\par
\par
    // Then use the definition with the function DataBlock inside the networking block.\par
    networking\par
    \{\par
        ... Code ...\par
\par
        Function AMemberFunction\par
        \{\par
            Reliable;\par
        \}\par
\par
        ... Code ...\par
    \}}
 Which would correspond to a function is a C++ class such as: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid void AMemberFunction(int aParameter,float anotherParameter);\par
}
 \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Ordered\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:Ordered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Ordered ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the object update use the unreliable ordered method \par
}}
{\xe \v RealInclude\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:RealInclude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
RealInclude (char * {\i includeFile})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i includeFile} \cell }{the filename of the include file for the real class. This command is most useful as a pre-ctor stage command. For example in an ROL file: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid object > RealInclude("RealTestObjectInclude.h") Test\par
}
 Creates an object from an object called Test but uses the file name given as the include file for the real class include. Usually the object name is used as a hint for the real object include name. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Reliable\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:Reliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Reliable ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the object update use the reliable method \par
}}
{\xe \v SetDiscardOlder\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetDiscardOlder}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetDiscardOlder (int {\i windowBits})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Instead of using the unreliable ordered packet sending type this enables automatic {\b DataBlock} checking of older updates. See ReplicaObject::SetDiscardOlder() \par
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadBalancing\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetLoadBalancing}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetLoadBalancing (bool {\i enable})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables load balancing for this {\b ReplicaObject}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{set this to true to enable load balancing. The default is false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadBalancingDefault\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetLoadBalancingDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetLoadBalancingDefault (bool {\i defaultValue})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the default value that the load balancing uses. Setting the default value in the object constructor to the same value that is set for the load balancing will result in a smaller data packet being sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i defaultValue} \cell }{the value that is the default value. The default is false to match the parameter to {\b SetLoadBalancing()} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadScore\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetLoadScore}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetLoadScore (float {\i load})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the object load unit score.. The definition of "load" units is left to the user. The default return value is 0.0f {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i load} \cell }{A "load" score for this object. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadScoreDefault\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetLoadScoreDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetLoadScoreDefault (float {\i defaultLoad})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the default value that the load balancing score uses. Setting the default value in the object constructor to the same value that is set for the load balancing will result in a smaller data packet being sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i defaultLoad} \cell }{the value that is the default value. The default is 0.0f to match the parameter to {\b SetLoadScore()} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetOpaqueType\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetOpaqueType}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetOpaqueType (char * {\i baseClassType})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i baseClassType} \cell }{the base class of the class object. Instead of using {\b ReplicaObject::SetOpaquePointer()} or overriding {\b ReplicaObject::GetOpaquePointer()} to pass back an opaque pointer, you can use this method in the ROL file. For example if your game class called MonsterObject inherits from a base class called BaseGameObject you could use SetOpaqueType(BaseGameObject).\par As long as the opaque pointer has not been set elsewhere in your code and the GetOpaquePointer() function has not been overridden then when you call {\b ReplicaObject::GetOpaquePointer()} the pointer returned will be a valid pointer for this class as if it had been cast to (BaseGameObject *). In effect it is the same as overriding {\b ReplicaObject::GetOpaquePointer()} to do \{ return (BaseGameObject*) ((MonsterObject*) this); \}; \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistance\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetPropagateToSessionDistance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetPropagateToSessionDistance (float {\i distance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This functions sets the distance that an object has to be within for it to be propagated relative to a session observer. If a session has an observer and the CalculateDistanceToObject() result is greater than the value specified then the session will not receive object updates. If a session has no registered observer then the object will always be propagated to that session. The default value for a {\b ReplicaObject} is to have this distance set to kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance, which means that the object will always be propagated to a session. This function can only be used if the {\b ReplicaObject} is a master. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i distance} \cell }{the distance to set, kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance is the default value \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault (float {\i distance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the default value that the propagate distance uses. Setting the default value in the object constructor to the same value that is set for the distance will result in a smaller data packet being sent when an object is published. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i distance} \cell }{the value that is the default value. The default is kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance to match the parameter to {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance()} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Unreliable\:RNReplicaNet::object}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::object\:Unreliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Unreliable ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the object update use the unreliable method \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_Predict_Float::ParsedData Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::ParsedData}
{\xe \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::ParsedData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALS}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mSample}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mDelta}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mFirstTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALV}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Patcher Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Patcher}
{\xe \v Patcher}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDS}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Patcher.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GeneratePatch} (const char *sourcePath, const char *newPath, const char *patchPath, const size_t level=5)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b PatchFile} (const char *sourcePath, const char *patchPath, const char *destinationPath)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackScanning} (const size_t filePos, const size_t fileMax)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class generates minimal patches for binary files and also patches files to produce new versions of those files. No checking of file integrity is carried out before a patch is applied because this is a file version problem which is the domain of another set of support classes. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackScanning\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Patcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Patcher\:CallbackScanning}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackScanning (const size_t {\i filePos}, const size_t {\i fileMax}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the scanning status is updated. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True allows the scan to continue. False terminates the scan as quickly as possible. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GeneratePatch\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Patcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Patcher\:GeneratePatch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GeneratePatch (const char * {\i sourcePath}, const char * {\i newPath}, const char * {\i patchPath}, const size_t {\i level} = {\f2 5})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generates a patch from sourcePath compared with newPath and stores the result in patchPath. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sourcePath} \cell }{The original file path. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i newPath} \cell }{The new file path. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i patchPath} \cell }{The destination file path for the patch file. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i level} \cell }{The compression level to use. 10 gives the best compression but is slow and uses more memory. 1 is fast, uses less memory but does not compress as well. The default is 5 giving reasonable performance. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The length of the generated patch file. This can be zero and indicates the two files are identical. A negative value indicates an error occurred. \par
}}}
{\xe \v PatchFile\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Patcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Patcher\:PatchFile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool PatchFile (const char * {\i sourcePath}, const char * {\i patchPath}, const char * {\i destinationPath})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Combines a file from sourcePath with a patch file from patchPath and stores the resultant file in destinationPath. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sourcePath} \cell }{The original file path. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i patchPath} \cell }{The patch file path. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i destinationPath} \cell }{The destination file path for the combined file. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true. False indicates an error occurred. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatchIndexManager Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatchIndexManager}
{\xe \v PatchIndexManager}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDW}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handles loading and saving of patch index files with various access methods. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <PatchIndexManager.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b EntryInfo}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b ltLowerStr}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b ModifiedInfo}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b VersionInfo}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b Clear} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b ReadIndex} (const char *filename){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b WriteIndex} (const char *filename, const bool minimalInfo=false){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b Dump} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b AddEntryInfo} (std::string filename, const {\b EntryInfo} &entryInfo){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b EntryInfo} * {\b GetEntryInfo} (std::string filename){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b GetUniqueID} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACED}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b RemoveUnhandled} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b ClearNewThisIteration} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetProductVersion} (unsigned int productVersion){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b GetProductVersion} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b GetNumEntries} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b BeginIterate} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b EntryInfo} * {\b Iterate} (std::string &index){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b ClearModified} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b ReadModified} (const char *filename){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b WriteModified} (const char *filename){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GetIsModified} (const char *filename){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEO}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static unsigned int {\b GetVersion} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handles loading and saving of patch index files with various access methods. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
AdvertiseClient::PingServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v AdvertiseClient::PingServer}
{\xe \v AdvertiseClient::PingServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWH}
Inheritance diagram for AdvertiseClient::PingServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1AdvertiseClient_1_1PingServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for AdvertiseClient::PingServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1AdvertiseClient_1_1PingServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ThreadEntry} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::map< int, {\b ServerInfo} > {\b mLocalServerInfo}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::multimap< {\b XPAddress}, int > {\b mServerIndexByAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::list< int > {\b mServerIDsPingFinished}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mAnyActivePings}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ThreadEntry\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient::PingServer}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::AdvertiseClient::PingServer\:ThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int ThreadEntry (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The thread starts executing from here. \par
}{
Implements {\b ThreadClass} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PlatformHeap Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PlatformHeap}
{\xe \v PlatformHeap}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAG}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <PlatformHeap.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b ForceFree} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class uses a list of {\b PlatformHeapBlock} classes to make sure that all blocks of memory are registered for destruction when {\b PlatformHeap::ForceFree()} is called. Each {\b PlatformHeapBlock} class is destructed in the reverse order they were added to the stack, it is a LIFO stack. This class can be used to make sure shutdown functions are called and pointers properly cleared. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ForceFree\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeap\:ForceFree}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void ForceFree (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deletes all heap blocks on the stack in reverse order. This should only be called when all threads accessing memory registered using this class are stopped. \par
}{
Referenced by MyService::Main().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PlatformHeapBlock Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PlatformHeapBlock}
{\xe \v PlatformHeapBlock}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <PlatformHeap.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for PlatformHeapBlock:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1PlatformHeapBlock__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PlatformHeapBlock} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~PlatformHeapBlock} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Register} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This base class is used for maintaining blocks of memory \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v PlatformHeapBlock\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeapBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeapBlock\:PlatformHeapBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b PlatformHeapBlock} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This ctor does nothing exciting \par
}}
{\xe \v ~PlatformHeapBlock\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeapBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeapBlock\:~PlatformHeapBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b PlatformHeapBlock} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This dtor self removes from {\b PlatformHeap} \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Register\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeapBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeapBlock\:Register}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Register (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This self registers with {\b PlatformHeap} \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PlatformInfo Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v PlatformInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAI}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <PlatformInfo.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b IsThreaded} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b IsLittleEndian} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetThreaded} (const bool allow)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetProcessorReplicaNet} (const int processor=kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int {\b GetProcessorReplicaNet} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetProcessorXPSession} (const int processor=kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int {\b GetProcessorXPSession} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetProcessorXPURL} (const int processor=kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int {\b GetProcessorXPURL} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetNumberOfCores} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A class designed to read various platform specific attributes \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GetNumberOfCores\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo\:GetNumberOfCores}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int GetNumberOfCores (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of CPU cores. \par
}}
{\xe \v IsLittleEndian\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo\:IsLittleEndian}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool IsLittleEndian (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests for endianness of the machine \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true for little endian machines \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsThreaded\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo\:IsThreaded}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool IsThreaded (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Supplies information on if the library is compiled with threading on or off. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true if threading is turned on \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetProcessorReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo\:SetProcessorReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetProcessorReplicaNet (const int {\i processor} = {\f2 kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the preferred processor for the {\b ReplicaNet} thread. See {\b Thread::SetPreferredProcessor()} for more information. This must be called before any {\b ReplicaNet} class is allocated. This configuration information is remembered for the lifetime of the application. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetProcessorXPSession\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo\:SetProcessorXPSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetProcessorXPSession (const int {\i processor} = {\f2 kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the preferred processor for the {\b XPSession} thread. See {\b Thread::SetPreferredProcessor()} for more information. This must be called before any {\b ReplicaNet} class is allocated. This configuration information is remembered for the lifetime of the application. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetProcessorXPURL\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo\:SetProcessorXPURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetProcessorXPURL (const int {\i processor} = {\f2 kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the preferred processor for the {\b XPURL} thread. See {\b Thread::SetPreferredProcessor()} for more information. This must be called before any {\b ReplicaNet} class is allocated. This configuration information is remembered for the lifetime of the application. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetThreaded\:RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::PlatformInfo\:SetThreaded}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetThreaded (const bool {\i allow}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets if threads are allowed on this system. Allowing threads with single threaded libraries may result in unexpected results. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i allow} \cell }{true means allow threads, false does not allow threads \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Predict_Float Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Predict_Float}
{\xe \v Predict_Float}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGG}
Inheritance diagram for Predict_Float:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Predict__Float__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for Predict_Float:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Predict__Float__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Predict_Float} (memberVariable)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetError} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetMinError} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetMaxError} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetMinDistance} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetMaxDistance} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetInterpolationFilter} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Quadratic} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Linear} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetLagged} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetSnapToDifference} (float value)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryEnable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryDisable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryWrapAround} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryCapped} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryLowerUpper} (const float lower, const float upper)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryApplyToMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetValueFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetValueShortFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDeltaFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDeltaShortFloat} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetTimeDelta} (const float timeDelta=0.0f)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This datablock type handles changes for member variables that contain float data type that do need to have prediction and extrapolation. See the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for more details of this datablock type. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Predict_Float\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:Predict_Float}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Predict_Float} (memberVariable )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to define a member variable that is to be used. For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid  Predict_Float mAFloatMemberVariable\par
 \{\par
    SetMinError(1.0f);\par
 \}}
 \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v BoundaryApplyToMaster\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:BoundaryApplyToMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryApplyToMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to enable write-back of the master boundary checked value. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryCapped\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:BoundaryCapped}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryCapped (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the boundary checks to use a capped value. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryDisable\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:BoundaryDisable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryDisable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to disable the boundary checks. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryDoNotApplyToMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to disable write-back of the master boundary checked value. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryEnable\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:BoundaryEnable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryEnable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to enable the boundary checks. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryLowerUpper\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:BoundaryLowerUpper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryLowerUpper (const float {\i lower}, const float {\i upper})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Where lower <= value < upper for wrapped checks and lower <= value <= upper for capped checks. \par
}}
{\xe \v BoundaryWrapAround\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:BoundaryWrapAround}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BoundaryWrapAround (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the boundary checks to use a wrap around value. \par
}}
{\xe \v Linear\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:Linear}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Linear ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enable linear distance based extrapolation \par
}}
{\xe \v Quadratic\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:Quadratic}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Quadratic ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enable quadratic distance based extrapolation \par
}}
{\xe \v SetDeltaFloat\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetDeltaFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDeltaFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use full 32 bit floating point values when propagating the value. This is the default option. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetDeltaShortFloat\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetDeltaShortFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDeltaShortFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use short 16 bit floating point values when propagating the value. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetError\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetError (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the minimum and maximum error used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetInterpolationFilter\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetInterpolationFilter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetInterpolationFilter (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the interpolation filter used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetLagged\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetLagged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetLagged (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the lagged time used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMaxDistance\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetMaxDistance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetMaxDistance (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the maximum distance used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMaxError\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetMaxError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetMaxError (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the maximum error used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMinDistance\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetMinDistance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetMinDistance (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the minimum distance used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMinError\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetMinError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetMinError (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the minimum error used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetSnapToDifference\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetSnapToDifference}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetSnapToDifference (float {\i value})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this keyword to set the snap to difference used by the data block. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetTimeDelta\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetTimeDelta}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetTimeDelta (const float {\i timeDelta} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the amount of time the extrapolation will calculate into the future. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i timeDelta} \cell }{The time in seconds. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetValueFloat\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetValueFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetValueFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use full 32 bit floating point values when propagating the value. This is the default option. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetValueShortFloat\:RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Predict_Float\:SetValueShortFloat}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetValueShortFloat (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set this {\b DataBlock} to use short 16 bit floating point values when propagating the value. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ProductPatcher Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v ProductPatcher}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFK}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ProductPatcher.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for ProductPatcher:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1ProductPatcher__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for ProductPatcher:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1ProductPatcher__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Status} \{ {\b kSuccess} = 0, 
{\b kErrorEncountered}, 
{\b kAborted}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const char *productPath, const char *patchIndexURL, const char *patchDataURL, const bool multiThread=false, const size_t chunkSize=1024 *1024)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Stop} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCompleted} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackUpdateProgressProduct} (const size_t fileIndex, const size_t maxFileIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackUpdateDownloadPatch} (const char *patchingFile, const size_t filePosition, const size_t fileLength)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackUpdateProgressFile} (const char *patchingFile, const size_t filePosition, const size_t fileLength)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackComplete} (const Status status){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the patching is complete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackFailedToReadFile} (const char *file){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when there is an error. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackProcessFile} (const char *file)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetDownloadAttemptsAndFailed} (size_t &attempts, size_t &failed) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b GetDownloadSpeed} (size_t &totalBytes, float &overTime) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets information that can be used to calculate the download speed. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b Tidy} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFO}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This patches a product from patch data and if there are any missing product files these will be created. A file date stamp and checksum cache is used to speed up checking of existing unchanged files. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackProcessFile\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:CallbackProcessFile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackProcessFile (const char * {\i file}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered to allow the client application to skip a file in the patch index during the patch process. The file only includes the entry as it is seen in the index and does not include any product path. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true The default implementation always returns true allowing the file to be patched. Returning false will skip the file during the patching process. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackUpdateDownloadPatch\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:CallbackUpdateDownloadPatch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackUpdateDownloadPatch (const char * {\i patchingFile}, const size_t {\i filePosition}, const size_t {\i fileLength}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered during the patching process. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True allows the patch to continue. False terminates the patch as quickly as possible. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackUpdateProgressFile\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:CallbackUpdateProgressFile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackUpdateProgressFile (const char * {\i patchingFile}, const size_t {\i filePosition}, const size_t {\i fileLength}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered during the patching process. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True allows the patch to continue. False terminates the patch as quickly as possible. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackUpdateProgressProduct\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:CallbackUpdateProgressProduct}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackUpdateProgressProduct (const size_t {\i fileIndex}, const size_t {\i maxFileIndex}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered during the patching process. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True allows the patch to continue. False terminates the patch as quickly as possible. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCompleted\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:GetCompleted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCompleted (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the completion state of the last patch. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A completed patch returns true, a patch that is in progress returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetDownloadAttemptsAndFailed\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:GetDownloadAttemptsAndFailed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetDownloadAttemptsAndFailed (size_t & {\i attempts}, size_t & {\i failed}) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of attempted downloads and the number of downloads that failed and were automatically tried again. This can be useful for giving an indication of the health of a network connection during patching. \par
}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const char * {\i productPath}, const char * {\i patchIndexURL}, const char * {\i patchDataURL}, const bool {\i multiThread} = {\f2 false}, const size_t {\i chunkSize} = {\f2 1024\~ *1024})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts patching a product given patch data paths. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i productPath} \cell }{The paths to the product to patch. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i multiThread} \cell }{By default the scan does not use an extra thread. Using true will start a thread to start the patch process and {\b Start()} will return immediately. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i chunkSize} \cell }{The number of bytes to use for a file buffer when accessing files. By default this uses a megabyte. The larger the buffer the quicker the download will be but the calls to {\b CallbackUpdateDownloadPatch()} will be less frequent. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ProductPatcher\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Stop (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the current patch if it is running. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegistryManager< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegistryManager< T >}
{\xe \v RegistryManager< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAT}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <RegistryManager.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManager} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~RegistryManager} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddItem} (T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RemoveItem} (T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RemoveItem} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BeginIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T * {\b Iterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b IsEmpty} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAU}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<class T>class RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManager} is a template class for handling classes in organised vector arrays \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v RegistryManager\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager\:RegistryManager}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b RegistryManager} (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~RegistryManager\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager\:~RegistryManager}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b RegistryManager} (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager\:AddItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddItem (T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds an item to the vector. This does not allocate an item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v BeginIterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager\:BeginIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BeginIterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the iteration of the items in the list \par
}}
{\xe \v Iterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager\:Iterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
T* Iterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Iterates through the items in the list \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the next item pointer in the vector or returns NULL for the end of the list \par
}}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RemoveItem (T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes an item from the vector but does not free the item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to remove \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManager\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RemoveItem (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes the current iterated item \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegistryManagerList< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegistryManagerList< T >}
{\xe \v RegistryManagerList< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <RegistryManagerList.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Direction} \{ {\b kForward} =0, 
{\b kBackward}, 
{\b kUndefined}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManagerList} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~RegistryManagerList} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddItem} (T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddItemHead} (T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RemoveItem} (T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RemoveItem} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BeginIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b EndIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T * {\b Iterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b IsEmpty} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<class T>class RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManager} is a template class for handling classes in organised linked lists \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v RegistryManagerList\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:RegistryManagerList}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b RegistryManagerList} (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~RegistryManagerList\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:~RegistryManagerList}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b RegistryManagerList} (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:AddItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddItem (T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds an item to the list. This does not allocate an item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v AddItemHead\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:AddItemHead}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddItemHead (T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds an item to the head of the list. This does not allocate an item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v BeginIterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:BeginIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BeginIterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the iteration of the items in the list from the start and works forwards \par
}}
{\xe \v EndIterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:EndIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void EndIterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the iteration of the items in the list from the end and works backwards \par
}}
{\xe \v Iterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:Iterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
T* Iterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Iterates through the items in the list \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the next item pointer in the list or returns NULL for the end of the list \par
}}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RemoveItem (T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes an item from the list but does not free the item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to remove \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerList\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RemoveItem (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes the current iterated item \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegistryManagerMap< I, T, C > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegistryManagerMap< I, T, C >}
{\xe \v RegistryManagerMap< I, T, C >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBN}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <RegistryManagerMap.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for RegistryManagerMap< I, T, C >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RegistryManagerMap__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Direction} \{ {\b kForward} =0, 
{\b kBackward}, 
{\b kUndefined}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManagerMap} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~RegistryManagerMap} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b AddItem} (const I &index, const T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T * {\b FindItem} (const I &index)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T * {\b FindItemNoIterator} (const I &index)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b RemoveItem} (const I &index)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RemoveItem} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BeginIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b EndIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T * {\b Iterate} (I *index=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsEmpty} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b IsEmpty} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Clear} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<class I, class T, class C = std::less<I>>class RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap< I, T, C >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManager} is a template class for handling classes in organised maps \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v RegistryManagerMap\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:RegistryManagerMap}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b RegistryManagerMap} (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~RegistryManagerMap\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:~RegistryManagerMap}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b RegistryManagerMap} (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:AddItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool AddItem (const I & {\i index}, const T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds an item to the list. This does not allocate an item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v BeginIterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:BeginIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BeginIterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the iteration of the items in the list from the start and works forwards \par
}}
{\xe \v Clear\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:Clear}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Clear (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Clears the associated map. Does not free the items. \par
}}
{\xe \v EndIterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:EndIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void EndIterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the iteration of the items in the list from the end and works backwards \par
}}
{\xe \v FindItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:FindItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
T* FindItem (const I & {\i index}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds an item using the index and if found also sets the current iterator to the item in the map. The direction of the iterator is set to be kUndefined. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i index} \cell }{The index to use. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The pointer to T corresponding to the index or null if the index was not found. \par
}}}
{\xe \v FindItemNoIterator\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:FindItemNoIterator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
T* FindItemNoIterator (const I & {\i index}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds an item using the index. The current iterator is not set. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i index} \cell }{The index to use. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The pointer to T corresponding to the index or null if the index was not found. \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsEmpty\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:IsEmpty}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsEmpty (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if the map is empty \par
}}
{\xe \v Iterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:Iterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
T* Iterate (I * {\i index} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Iterates through the items in the list {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i index} \cell }{Allows the value of the index to be read. The default is null indicating the index is not returned. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the next item pointer in the list or returns NULL for the end of the list \par
}}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool RemoveItem (const I & {\i index}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes an item from the list but does not free the item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to remove \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True indicates the index was in the map. False indicates the index was not in the map. \par
}}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerMap\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RemoveItem (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes the item at the current iterator. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegistryManagerSet< T, C > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegistryManagerSet< T, C >}
{\xe \v RegistryManagerSet< T, C >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCB}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <RegistryManagerSet.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Direction} \{ {\b kForward} =0, 
{\b kBackward}, 
{\b kUndefined}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManagerSet} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~RegistryManagerSet} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddItem} (T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RemoveItem} (T *item)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RemoveItem} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BeginIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b EndIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T * {\b Iterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b IsEmpty} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumItems} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<class T, class C = std::less<T*>>class RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet< T, C >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b RegistryManager} is a template class for handling classes in a set \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v RegistryManagerSet\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:RegistryManagerSet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b RegistryManagerSet} (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~RegistryManagerSet\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:~RegistryManagerSet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b RegistryManagerSet} (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:AddItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddItem (T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds an item to the list. This does not allocate an item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v BeginIterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:BeginIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BeginIterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the iteration of the items in the list from the start and works forwards \par
}}
{\xe \v EndIterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:EndIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void EndIterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the iteration of the items in the list from the end and works backwards \par
}}
{\xe \v Iterate\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:Iterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
T* Iterate (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Iterates through the items in the list \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the next item pointer in the list or returns NULL for the end of the list \par
}}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RemoveItem (T * {\i item}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes an item from the list but does not free the item as this is left to the user to do {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i item} \cell }{the item pointer to remove \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v RemoveItem\:RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RegistryManagerSet\:RemoveItem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RemoveItem (void ){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes the current iterated item \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_Predict_Float::ReplicaData Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::ReplicaData}
{\xe \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::ReplicaData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALW}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mFirstTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mFirstTimeNotReset}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mDelta}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mSample}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mSampleTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMB}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ReplicaNet Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v ReplicaNet}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMM}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ReplicaNet.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Error} \{ {\b kReplicaNet_EOK} = 0, 
{\b kReplicaNet_EERROR} = -1, 
{\b kReplicaNet_ETRANSPORT_CLOSED} = -2, 
{\b kReplicaNet_ETRANSPORT_ERROR} = -3, 
{\b kReplicaNet_EEND_RECORDING} = -4
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b PacketType} \{ {\b kPacket_Unreliable} = 0, 
{\b kPacket_Reliable} = 1, 
{\b kPacket_Certain} = 2, 
{\b kPacket_Ordered} = 3
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b OnError} \{ {\b kMigrateObjects} = 0, 
{\b kDeleteObjects}, 
{\b kLeaveObjects}, 
{\b kMigrateObjectsToNewMaster}
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaNet} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~ReplicaNet} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b PreRegisterReplicas} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetSessionID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetGameChannel} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetGameChannel} (const int channel=TransportAnyGameChannel)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SessionCreate} (const std::string name)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SessionCreate} (const std::string name, const std::string protocols)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b SessionExportURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SessionJoin} (const std::string url)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SessionFind} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SessionFind} (const std::string protocols)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b SessionEnumerateFound} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b LockObjects} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UnLockObjects} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetNetworkSendRate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetNetworkReceiveRate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetNetworkPacketsLost} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetNetworkPacketsRejected} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual SysTimeType {\b GetTime} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual SysTimeType {\b GetLocalTime} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetObserver} ({\b ReplicaObject} *const {\b object}=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaObject} * {\b GetObserver} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Poll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPollLayerBelow} (bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPollLayerBelow} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPollLayerBelowForXPSession} (bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPollLayerBelowForXPSession} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetManualPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetManualPollXPSession} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPollXPSession} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetManualPollXPURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPollXPURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GiveOwnership} ({\b ReplicaObject} *const {\b object}, const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RequestOwnership} ({\b ReplicaObject} *const {\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetCanSpider} (const bool canSpider=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCanSpider} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetLatencyToMasterSession} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetLatencyToSessionID} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLatencyRecalculationDelay} (const float seconds=1.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsStable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetCanBecomeMaster} (const bool canBeMaster=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCanBecomeMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b GetStatus} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b GetSessionErrorReason} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetOnSessionError} (const OnError whatToDo=kMigrateObjects)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
OnError {\b GetOnSessionErrorMigrateObjects} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetCanAcceptObjects} (bool accept=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCanAcceptObjects} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEncryption} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetEncryption} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLoadBalancing} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetLoadBalancing} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMaximumLoad} (float load=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetMaximumLoad} (int sessionID=kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetTotalLoad} (int sessionID=kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b ObjectListBeginIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b ObjectListFinishIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaObject} * {\b ObjectListIterate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaObject} * {\b ObjectListFind} (const int sessionID, const int uniqueID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b JoinerSessionIDPre} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b JoinerSessionIDPost} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b LeaverSessionIDPre} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b LeaverSessionIDPost} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Disconnect} (const int sessionID=kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPreConnectStatus} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPreConnect} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPreConnect} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b PreConnectHasFinished} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDataRetention} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetDataRetention} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DataSend} (const int sessionid, const void *data, const int length, const PacketType type=kPacket_Reliable, const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b DataReceive} (int *const fromsessionid, void *const data, int *const length, PacketType *const type=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b DataReceivePeek} (int *const fromsessionid, int *const length, PacketType *const type=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy} (const bool automatic=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetDataBlockUpdatePolicy} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b ProcessDataBlockUpdate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPacketCompression} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetAutomaticPacketCompression} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetCompressionStatistics} (int *const before=0, int *const after=0, const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetMergedStatistics} (int *const sent=0, int *const received=0, const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetMasterSessionID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b GetURLFromSessionID} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetClientOnly} (const bool isClient=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetClientOnly} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetBandwidthFromSessionID} (const int sessionID, Transport::Bandwidth *const bandwidth, int *const output, int *const input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ReplicaObject} * {\b CallBackAllocate} (const int classID, const int sessionID, const int uniqueID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ReplicaObject} * {\b CallBackDelete} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b BeginSessionRecord} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b StopSessionRecord} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackSessionRecord} (const void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetSessionRecord} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b BeginSessionPlayback} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b StopSessionPlayback} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPlaybackSpeed} (const float speed=1.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b PlaybackAdvanceTo} (const SysTimeType time)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackPlaybackAdvanceToFinished} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackSessionPlayback} (void *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetSessionPlayback} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects} (const bool allow=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAllowConnections} (const bool allow=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetAllowConnections} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetNodeBuffers} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetNodeBuffers} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackMasterSessionIDChanged} (const int previousSessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetSessionIDCallback} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b CallbackGetSessionID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b CallbackGetObjectUniqueID} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMaximumDataSize} (const int bytes=64 *1024)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetMaximumDataSize} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPacketCompressionLevel} (const int level=10)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLargePacketCompressionLevel} (const int level=5)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetPacketCompressionLevel} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetLargePacketCompressionLevel} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression} (const int level=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetTransparentPacketCompression} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b ReplicaNet} * {\b GetCurrentReplicaNet} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetCurrentReplicaNet} ({\b ReplicaNet} *const replicanet)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b ReplicaObject}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b ReplicaNetPrivate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b ReplicaNetDLLRegister}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMS}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The main class for {\b ReplicaNet}. This class handles everything to do with the management of all {\b ReplicaObject} types that are allocated to a network session.\par {\b ReplicaNet} uses {\b XPSession} to manage a network session which includes session migration and client-server or peer-to-peer network topology.\par Each instance of {\b ReplicaNet} can be configured depending on the intended use on a per-machine basis. As an example a Massively Multiplayer Online (MMO) server node could use:\par {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid SetLoadBalancing(true);     // This is optional and should only be used if you expect your server objects to be moved between other nodes that use this flag.\par
SetCanAcceptObjects(true);  // In the event of a server node failure this node can accept fault tolerant objects.\par
SetCanBecomeMaster(true);   // In the event of the master server node failure this node is capable of becoming the new master.\par
SetCanSpider(true);         // This node will advertise a connection that can be used to communicate directly to other nodes.\par
// Adding packet buffering using the TransportConfig class will reduce the number of packets sent over the wire.\par
TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferTime(1.0f / 50.0f);\par
TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferEnable(true);\par
// Using multi-threaded libraries does help performance for a server that is going to have a high load and automatically uses multiple CPU cores or Hyper-Threads if the hardware/OS support is available.\par
SetAutomaticPoll();         // Allow automatic polling of ReplicaNet.\par
SetAutomaticPollXPSession();// Allow automatic polling of XPSession.\par
SetAutomaticPollXPURL();    // Allow automatic polling of XPURL and Transports.\par
SetPollLayerBelow(false);   // Separates the ReplicaNet thread from the XPSession thread.\par
SetPollLayerBelowForXPSession(false);   // Separates the XPSession thread from the XPURL threads.\par
SetNodeBuffers(true);       // This uses extra memory for low-latency cross thread buffers to improve threading performance.\par
}
 Spidering can also be set to be on for server nodes and this this helps to distribute network bandwidth.\parFor the clients:\par {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid SetLoadBalancing(false);\par
SetCanAcceptObjects(false);\par
SetCanBecomeMaster(false);\par
SetCanSpider(false);\par
SetClientOnly(true);        // This lowers bandwidth to this node and ensures only this node sends object updates to server nodes.\par
// Adding packet buffering using the TransportConfig class will reduce the number of packets sent over the wire.\par
TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferTime(1.0f / 50.0f);\par
TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferEnable(true);\par
}
 Note that all the clients are not going to have peer connections to other clients. This is what you want for a MMO.\parOr for a traditional peer-to-peer LAN/WAN type of game with host and object migration:\par {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid SetLoadBalancing(false);\par
SetCanAcceptObjects(true);\par
SetCanBecomeMaster(true);\par
SetCanSpider(true);\par
// Adding packet buffering using the TransportConfig class will reduce the number of packets sent over the wire.\par
TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferTime(1.0f / 50.0f);\par
TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferEnable(true);\par
}
\par
These options are explained below in the documentation.\par{\b ReplicaNet} can also send and receive raw data packets from the session for those applications that do not always want to use the data driven {\b ReplicaObject} methods of propagation.\par The terms "Reliable", "Unreliable", "Unreliable ordered" and "Certain" are references to the four packet delivery types used by {\b ReplicaNet}, {\b XPSession} and {\b XPURL} {\b Transport} classes.\par "Reliable" guarantees delivery of data in the same order it was sent.\par "Certain" guarantees delivery of data but the order the data is received may not be preserved.\par "Unreliable" does not guarantee delivery of data and the order of the data when it is received may not be preserved.\par "Unreliable ordered" does not guarantee delivery of data but does guarantee the order of the data when it is received.\par In general it is a good idea to not use too many "Reliable" updates because this method is quite expensive in terms of network and memory performance. If one packet gets lost it will delay the delivery of all other Reliable data until that packet is resent. The better choice would be to use "Certain" because this is less expensive in terms of memory and network performance. Also if one Certain packet is lost the delivery of other Certain packets is not delayed. Generally use Reliable for those events that absolutely must occur in the same order they were sent.\par For most {\b ReplicaObject} updates use the Certain update type because generally it doesn't matter if an object is sometimes created in a different order to other objects. By default {\b ReplicaObject} uses the Reliable method to give the most reliable performance for easier first-pass testing of new networked software. This means network performance can be improved by using the ROL code: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid object ObjectFoo\par
\{\par
    networking\par
    \{\par
    ... Some member variables ...\par
    \}\par
\par
    // Set Certain updates for this object.\par
    Certain();\par
\}\par
}
 The default for {\b ReplicaObject} class member variables (the {\b DataBlock} derived classes) is to use Unreliable packets. For example it generally doesn't matter if a position update packet is lost because another update will be transmitted at some point in the near future. Remember that each network shared {\b ReplicaObject} class member variable using a {\b DataBlock} can have a different packet update type. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Enumeration Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Error\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:Error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b Error}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Standard {\b ReplicaNet} errors \par
}{{{\b Enumerator}}\par
\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\xe \v kReplicaNet_EOK\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:kReplicaNet_EOK}
{\b {\i kReplicaNet_EOK{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMU}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No error. \par
}{\xe \v kReplicaNet_EERROR\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:kReplicaNet_EERROR}
{\b {\i kReplicaNet_EERROR{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMV}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A fatal error happened, like the connection broke and cannot be recovered. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:ReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaNet} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~ReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:~ReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b ReplicaNet} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v BeginSessionPlayback\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:BeginSessionPlayback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool BeginSessionPlayback (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts playback of a recorded network session. This function must be called before any {\b ReplicaObject} derived classes are published and before any network session is joined or created using this {\b ReplicaNet} instance. All of the session events are then simulated from the recording so a {\b SessionJoin()} or {\b SessionCreate()} is not required. {\b CallbackSessionPlayback()} will then be called when {\b ReplicaNet} needs to read in data. The user must implement reading this data. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v BeginSessionRecord\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:BeginSessionRecord}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool BeginSessionRecord (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts recording the network session. When the {\b ReplicaNet} session is created or joined recording of the entire session will begin. This function may be called at any time, for example before the session is created, joined or during the period when the session is running. {\b CallbackSessionRecord()} will then be called when {\b ReplicaNet} needs to save data. The user must implement storing this data. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallBackAllocate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallBackAllocate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b ReplicaObject}* CallBackAllocate (const int {\i classID}, const int {\i sessionID}, const int {\i uniqueID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback method may be implemented to override any ROL registered {\b ReplicaObject} factory allocate function. If a {\b ReplicaObject} is returned then {\b ReplicaObject::GetClassID()} must be implemented in the derived class in such a way as to return the correct classID. The ROL utility functions usually perform this task for you. If the returned {\b ReplicaObject} instance was constructed before the {\b ReplicaNet} instance it will not be linked to the {\b ReplicaNet} instance, so {\b ReplicaObject::GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID()} must be called after {\b ReplicaNet} is created and before or during this callback. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i classID} \cell }{The classID of the object to create. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{The sessionID of the object to create. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uniqueID} \cell }{The uniqueID of the object to create. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The default implementation is to return null which allows {\b ReplicaNet} to use the ROL registered factory. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallBackDelete\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallBackDelete}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b ReplicaObject}* CallBackDelete ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback method may be implemented to override any ROL registered {\b ReplicaObject} factory delete function. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{The classID of the object to delete. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The default implementation is to return the input object pointer, this allows {\b ReplicaNet} to use the ROL registered factory on the returned object pointer. For example it would also be possible to return a different object pointer to that passed into the callback. Returning null will signal to {\b ReplicaNet} that the object has been handled. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackGetObjectUniqueID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallbackGetObjectUniqueID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int CallbackGetObjectUniqueID ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the next object unique ID to use from this {\b ReplicaNet} class. This can be overridden to allow unique IDs to be calculated by the user. The user must guarantee that the calculated unqiueID is unique for the local instance of {\b ReplicaNet}. The full 32 bits can be used. If virtual methods from the {\b ReplicaObject} pointer need to be called then use ReplicaObject::SetDelayIDFetch(true) to avoid the situation where this callback can be triggered during {\b ReplicaObject} construction. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the next unique ID to use \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackGetSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallbackGetSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int CallbackGetSessionID (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b SetSessionIDCallback()}. This function is called from the thread context of {\b XPSession}. The user must guarantee that the calculated sessionID is greater than 0 and less than 32768 and is unique for the entire network session. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The session ID. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackMasterSessionIDChanged\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallbackMasterSessionIDChanged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackMasterSessionIDChanged (const int {\i previousSessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback is called when a {\b ReplicaNet} session changes masterID. \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackPlaybackAdvanceToFinished\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallbackPlaybackAdvanceToFinished}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackPlaybackAdvanceToFinished (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback is called when {\b ReplicaNet} finishes advancing to the time set by {\b PlaybackAdvanceTo()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackSessionPlayback\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallbackSessionPlayback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackSessionPlayback (void * {\i data}, const int {\i length}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback is called when {\b ReplicaNet} wants to get data from a session recording. The user must implement this function if playback is required. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The destination data pointer for the data to be stored. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The requested amount of data in bytes that {\b ReplicaNet} wants. If the user cannot supply the exact length of data then false should be returned. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallbackSessionRecord\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:CallbackSessionRecord}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackSessionRecord (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback is called when {\b ReplicaNet} wants to save data from a recording session. The user must implement this function if recording is required. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The data to store. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The size in bytes of the data to store. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v DataReceive\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:DataReceive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool DataReceive (int *const {\i fromsessionid}, void *const {\i data}, int *const {\i length}, PacketType *const {\i type} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Receives raw data and responds with what session sent this data. See also {\b SetDataRetention()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromsessionid} \cell }{The session id that sent this data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The buffer for the data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data received. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{A pointer that can receive the packet type. This parameter can be null in which case the type is not filled in. The default value for this pointer is null. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if data was received \par
}}}
{\xe \v DataReceivePeek\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:DataReceivePeek}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool DataReceivePeek (int *const {\i fromsessionid}, int *const {\i length}, PacketType *const {\i type} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the parameters of the next pending received data to be read. The data is left waiting to be read by DataReceive. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromsessionid} \cell }{The session id that sent this data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data received. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{A pointer that can receive the packet type. This parameter can be null in which case the type is not filled in. The default value for this pointer is null. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True if data was received \par
}}}
{\xe \v DataSend\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:DataSend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DataSend (const int {\i sessionid}, const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length}, const PacketType {\i type} = {\f2 kPacket_Reliable}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends raw data from this session to any other session via it's ID or to all sessions by using kReplicaNetBroadcastID. If the node is in a pre-connect state and wants to send data to the master session then use kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID as the session ID to send to. See also {\b SetDataRetention()}.\par Data packets larger than 512 bytes can be sent and received correctly however these large packets may cause a performance hit as the large chunk of data is sent. A sessionID will not receive any data sent to itself either by using its own sessionID or from a broadcast. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionid} \cell }{the session id to send to or kReplicaNetBroadcastID \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{The type of data packet to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{The band to use for the underlying {\b Transport} when sending with the Reliable method. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Disconnect\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:Disconnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Disconnect (const int {\i sessionID} = {\f2 kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This forces a disconnect from the supplied sessionID or if the sessionID is not supplied then all session nodes are disconnected. The disconnect is immediate and initiates the fault tolerant mechanism for {\b XPSession} and {\b ReplicaNet} on other connected session nodes. This means if the session was a master session node then the other session nodes will try to find a new master if this mechanism is enabled. In the case of a {\b ReplicaNet} session node having objects, these objects will attempt to use the fault recovery and migration if it is enabled.\par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{The sessionID to disconnect from. The default is to disconnect from all sessionIDs. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetAllowConnections\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetAllowConnections}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetAllowConnections (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value configured by {\b SetAllowConnections()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetAutomaticPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetAutomaticPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetAutomaticPacketCompression (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the value configured by {\b SetAutomaticPacketCompression()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true is the automatic packet compression is enabled. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetBandwidthFromSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetBandwidthFromSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetBandwidthFromSessionID (const int {\i sessionID}, Transport::Bandwidth *const {\i bandwidth}, int *const {\i output}, int *const {\i input})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attempts to read the configured bandwidth for a route to a specific session ID. If the session ID is not directly connected to this node then this function will return false and the contents of the output and input pointers will be left unchanged. If this node can supply bandwidth information about a session ID then this function will return true and the bandwidth, output, input pointers will contain the values as used by SetBandwidthLimit(), SetMaximumOutputBandwidth() and SetMaximumInputBandwidth(). Note that output and input bandwidth will appear to be exchanged because the output of one end of transport connection is really the input of the other end of the connection. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{The session ID of the required node. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bandwidth} \cell }{A pointer to accept the Transport::Bandwidth value. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i output} \cell }{A pointer to accept the output bandwidth value. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i input} \cell }{A pointer to accept the input bandwidth value. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCanAcceptObjects\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetCanAcceptObjects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCanAcceptObjects (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the status of {\b SetCanAcceptObjects()} to be read \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the status of {\b SetCanAcceptObjects()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCanBecomeMaster\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetCanBecomeMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCanBecomeMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the state to be read \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the status of the becoming a master state \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCanSpider\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetCanSpider}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCanSpider (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the spidering state to be read /return the status of the spidering state \par
}}
{\xe \v GetClientOnly\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetClientOnly}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetClientOnly (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the client only configuration set by {\b SetClientOnly()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The configuration set by {\b SetClientOnly()}. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCompressionStatistics\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetCompressionStatistics}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetCompressionStatistics (int *const {\i before} = {\f2 0}, int *const {\i after} = {\f2 0}, const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the compression statistics totals for packets sent from this session node. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i before} \cell }{The total number of bytes before compression. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i after} \cell }{The total number of bytes after compression. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{If true, after returning the information to the caller both totals are reset back to zero. The default value is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetCurrentReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetCurrentReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b ReplicaNet}* GetCurrentReplicaNet (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Static function to return the current {\b ReplicaNet} class that is being used \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the current ReplcaNet class in use \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetDataBlockUpdatePolicy\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetDataBlockUpdatePolicy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetDataBlockUpdatePolicy (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the state set by {\b SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the state set by {\b SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy()}. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetDataRetention\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetDataRetention}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetDataRetention (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the raw data retention policy to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The data retention policy. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetEncryption\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetEncryption}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetEncryption (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of the encryption flag for this session \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if encryption is enabled \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetGameChannel\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetGameChannel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetGameChannel (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current channel number \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the channel number \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLatencyToMasterSession\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetLatencyToMasterSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetLatencyToMasterSession (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the latency to the master session to be read. This is the time taken for a packet to reach the master session. This is half round trip ping time. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the latency to the master session \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLatencyToSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetLatencyToSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetLatencyToSessionID (const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the latency to the sessionID to be read. This is the time taken for a packet to reach the sessionID. This is half round trip ping time. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the latency to the sessionID. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLoadBalancing\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetLoadBalancing}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetLoadBalancing (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of the load balancing flag \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if load balancing is enabled \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLocalTime\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetLocalTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual SysTimeType GetLocalTime (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current local time. This time is local to the session and is not synchronised to the session master clock. This function is virtual allowing the application to provide their own source for time. If providing a custom source of time and recording a session or playing a session recording then care must be taken to provide proper synchronisation of time. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the float time 1.0 units == 1 second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMasterSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetMasterSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetMasterSessionID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the master session unique ID. If the session is not connected then the return value is kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the master session unique ID \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMaximumLoad\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetMaximumLoad}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetMaximumLoad (int {\i sessionID} = {\f2 kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the maximum load set by {\b SetMaximumLoad()} or the maximum load for a supplied session ID if one is supplied {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{the session ID to return the load value for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the load setting \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMergedStatistics\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetMergedStatistics}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetMergedStatistics (int *const {\i sent} = {\f2 0}, int *const {\i received} = {\f2 0}, const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the merged packet statistics totals for connections managed by this session node. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sent} \cell }{The total number of merged sent packets. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i received} \cell }{The total number of merged sent packets. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{If true, after returning the information to the caller both totals are reset back to zero. The default value is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkPacketsLost\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetNetworkPacketsLost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetNetworkPacketsLost (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of packets lost so far by the network layer. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the number of packets lost. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkPacketsRejected\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetNetworkPacketsRejected}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetNetworkPacketsRejected (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of packets that have been rejected due to failing the checksum, decryption of decompression checks. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid number of packets \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkReceiveRate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetNetworkReceiveRate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetNetworkReceiveRate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current network receive transfer rate in bytes per second \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid bytes per second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkSendRate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetNetworkSendRate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetNetworkSendRate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current network send transfer rate in bytes per second \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid bytes per second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNodeBuffers\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetNodeBuffers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetNodeBuffers (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value configured by {\b SetNodeBuffers()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetObserver\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetObserver}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaObject}* GetObserver (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current observer {\b ReplicaObject}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the point to the object that is the observer, or NULL if there is no observer. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetOnSessionErrorMigrateObjects\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetOnSessionErrorMigrateObjects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
OnError GetOnSessionErrorMigrateObjects (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the status of SetOnSessionErrorMigrateObjects() to be read \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the status of SetOnSessionErrorMigrateObjects() \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAON}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value configured by {\b SetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetPollLayerBelow\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetPollLayerBelow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPollLayerBelow (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the state of {\b SetPollLayerBelow()} to be read. If the library is always single threading then this function will always return true. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the state of {\b SetPollLayerBelow()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPollLayerBelowForXPSession\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetPollLayerBelowForXPSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPollLayerBelowForXPSession (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This calls {\b XPSession::GetPollLayerBelow()}. Please see the documentation in {\b XPSession} for more information. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the state of {\b XPSession::GetPollLayerBelow()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPreConnect\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetPreConnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPreConnect (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the status of the pre-connect mechanism for this session node. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the pre-connect mechanism is enabled. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPreConnectStatus\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetPreConnectStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPreConnectStatus (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the status of the pre-connect mechanism to be tested. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid When {\b GetPreConnectStatus()} returns true after this session node starts a join then this session node is in a pre-connect state. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetSessionErrorReason\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetSessionErrorReason}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} GetSessionErrorReason (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This can be used to read extended information when {\b ReplicaNet} encounters a session error. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i error} \cell }{The error can be:\par kReplicaNet_EOK for when there is no session error.\par kReplicaNet_EERROR for undefined errors.\par kReplicaNet_ETRANSPORT_CLOSED for when the session is disconnected or closed.\par kReplicaNet_ETRANSPORT_ERROR when the session is abnormally terminated due to a transport timeout. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetSessionID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the session ID from the session associated with the {\b ReplicaNet} class \par
}}
{\xe \v GetSessionPlayback\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetSessionPlayback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetSessionPlayback (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the playback status of the session to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid If true this means {\b BeginSessionPlayback()} has been used and the session is currently playing back a recording. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetSessionRecord\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetSessionRecord}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetSessionRecord (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the recording status of the session to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid If true this means {\b BeginSessionRecord()} has been used and the session is currently recording. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetStatus\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} GetStatus (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the session status. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the session status will be either kReplicaNet_EOK or kReplicaNet_EERROR. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetTime\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual SysTimeType GetTime (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current system time of this {\b ReplicaNet} session synchronised with the time on the session master. This function is virtual allowing the application to provide their own source for time. If providing a custom source of time and recording a session or playing a session recording then care must be taken to provide proper synchronisation of time. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the float time 1.0 units == 1 second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetTotalLoad\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetTotalLoad}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetTotalLoad (int {\i sessionID} = {\f2 kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total load for a session ID. If the session ID is set to be kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID then the load for the current session is returned {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{the session ID to return the load value for \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the total load for a session ID \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetTransparentPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetTransparentPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetTransparentPacketCompression (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetURLFromSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GetURLFromSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string GetURLFromSessionID (const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attempts to resolve the URL of the session unique ID from the point of view of this session node. If the session unique ID is not known to the session then the result is a null string. If the session unique ID is not directly connected to this node, for example the spider connection was broken, then this function is not guaranteed to produce a URL and can return a null string. \par
}}
{\xe \v GiveOwnership\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:GiveOwnership}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GiveOwnership ({\b ReplicaObject} *const {\i object}, const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This tries to change the ownership on a {\b ReplicaObject} to another session. This only works if the {\b ReplicaObject} is a Master object and approves migration. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{the pointer to the {\b ReplicaObject} \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{the target sessionID for this object to migrate to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v IsMaster\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:IsMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if this {\b ReplicaNet} session is the master session \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if this session is the master \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsStable\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:IsStable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsStable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the user to check if the session is really stable. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true if the session is stable \par
}}}
{\xe \v JoinerSessionIDPost\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:JoinerSessionIDPost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void JoinerSessionIDPost (const int {\i sessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback method allows a derived {\b ReplicaNet} class to be notified when a session ID joins the network session.\par Sessions should not be disconnected by the user during this callback because all ReplicaObjects will see the sessionID join and then very quickly leave. To be able to disconnect potentially joining sessions use the {\b SetPreConnect()} mechanism. This method is called by {\b ReplicaNet} after all of the internal routines are run when a session joins. \par
}}
{\xe \v JoinerSessionIDPre\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:JoinerSessionIDPre}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void JoinerSessionIDPre (const int {\i sessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback method allows a derived {\b ReplicaNet} class to be notified when a session ID joins the network session.\par Sessions should not be disconnected by the user during this callback because all ReplicaObjects will see the sessionID join and then very quickly leave. To be able to disconnect potentially joining sessions use the {\b SetPreConnect()} mechanism. This method is called by {\b ReplicaNet} before all of the internal routines are run when a session joins. \par
}}
{\xe \v LeaverSessionIDPost\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:LeaverSessionIDPost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void LeaverSessionIDPost (const int {\i sessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback method allows a derived {\b ReplicaNet} class to be notified when a session ID leaves the network session.\par This method is called by {\b ReplicaNet} after any of the internal routines are run when a session leaves. \par
}}
{\xe \v LeaverSessionIDPre\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:LeaverSessionIDPre}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void LeaverSessionIDPre (const int {\i sessionID}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback method allows a derived {\b ReplicaNet} class to be notified when a session ID leaves the network session.\par This method is called by {\b ReplicaNet} before any of the internal routines are run when a session leaves. \par
}}
{\xe \v LockObjects\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:LockObjects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void LockObjects (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function locks the object lists so that the user application can guarantee that objects won't be created or deleted while accessing the objects created by {\b ReplicaNet} \par
}}
{\xe \v ObjectListBeginIterate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:ObjectListBeginIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void ObjectListBeginIterate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts iterating through all the allocated objects, effectively locking the list until {\b ObjectListFinishIterate()} is called. \par
}}
{\xe \v ObjectListFind\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:ObjectListFind}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaObject}* ObjectListFind (const int {\i sessionID}, const int {\i uniqueID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Find a {\b ReplicaObject} using its sessionID and uniqueID. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the pointer to the object known to this {\b ReplicaNet} session if it is found or returns null if it was not found. \par
}}}
{\xe \v ObjectListFinishIterate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:ObjectListFinishIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void ObjectListFinishIterate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Unlocks the iterated list of objects. \par
}}
{\xe \v ObjectListIterate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:ObjectListIterate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaObject}* ObjectListIterate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Iterates through the object list. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the pointer to the next object known to this {\b ReplicaNet} session or returns null if there are no more objects. \par
}}}
{\xe \v PlaybackAdvanceTo\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:PlaybackAdvanceTo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool PlaybackAdvanceTo (const SysTimeType {\i time})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This advances the playback simulation to a specified network time. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i time} \cell }{The network time to advance to. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True is returned if the simulation time has been advanced. False is returned if time is already in the past. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Poll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This polls {\b ReplicaNet}. Normally an application will yield enough time during threads for {\b ReplicaNet} to function. Sometimes an application that uses a lot of 3D graphics can lock out other threads for quite some time. In these cases you may call {\b ReplicaNet::Poll()} to yield some time to {\b ReplicaNet} to perform housekeeping. This method also calls the {\b XPSession::Poll()} and {\b XPURL::Poll()} methods.\par Single threaded considerations:\par When using the single threaded libraries this method should be called regularly. \par
}}
{\xe \v PreConnectHasFinished\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:PreConnectHasFinished}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void PreConnectHasFinished (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the pre-connect mechanism is enabled then this function must be called by the joining session node when packets have been exchanged to the satisfaction of the joining session node. \par
}}
{\xe \v PreRegisterReplicas\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:PreRegisterReplicas}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void PreRegisterReplicas (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers all of the objects used in the application to the {\b ReplicaNet} class. This is used by {\b ReplicaNet} when a new node is allocated. \par
}}
{\xe \v ProcessDataBlockUpdate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:ProcessDataBlockUpdate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void ProcessDataBlockUpdate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy(false) is used this function must be called by the user. See {\b SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy()} for more informaiton. If automatic updates are being used calling this function has no effect. \par
}}
{\xe \v RequestOwnership\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:RequestOwnership}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RequestOwnership ({\b ReplicaObject} *const {\i object})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This requests a change of the ownership on a {\b ReplicaObject} to be the calling session. This only works if the {\b ReplicaObject} is a Replica object and approves migration. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{the pointer to the {\b ReplicaObject} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SessionCreate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SessionCreate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SessionCreate (const std::string {\i name})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a new session using the default available protocols. \parWhen this {\b ReplicaNet} instance is disconnected from a session this {\b ReplicaNet} instance should be deleted and a new instance allocated before attempting to create or join a session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name to give to the {\b ReplicaNet} session. The maximum length of this string is 128 characters. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SessionCreate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SessionCreate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SessionCreate (const std::string {\i name}, const std::string {\i protocols})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a new session using the supplied protocols. \parWhen this {\b ReplicaNet} instance is disconnected from a session this {\b ReplicaNet} instance should be deleted and a new instance allocated before attempting to create or join a session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name to give to the {\b ReplicaNet} session \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i protocols} \cell }{The list of protocols to use separated by commas. e.g. "UDP@,STREAMTCPIP@" \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SessionEnumerateFound\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SessionEnumerateFound}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string SessionEnumerateFound (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enumerates any found sessions \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the URL of a session or a "" string \par
}}}
{\xe \v SessionExportURL\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SessionExportURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string SessionExportURL (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Exports a URL that can be used to connect to this session in future. See {\b XPSession::ExportURL()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the full URL for the {\b ReplicaNet} session \par
}}}
{\xe \v SessionFind\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SessionFind}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SessionFind (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to find sessions using the default protocols \par
}}
{\xe \v SessionFind\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SessionFind}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SessionFind (const std::string {\i protocols})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to find sessions using the listed protocols {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i protocols} \cell }{The list of protocols to use separated by commas. e.g. "UDP@,STREAMTCPIP@" \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SessionJoin\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SessionJoin}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SessionJoin (const std::string {\i url})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to connect this session to the supplied URL \parWhen this {\b ReplicaNet} instance is disconnected from a session this {\b ReplicaNet} instance should be deleted and a new instance allocated before attempting to create or join a session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i url} \cell }{the url of the {\b ReplicaNet} session to connect to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetAllowConnections\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetAllowConnections}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAllowConnections (const bool {\i allow} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables any further connection attempts to this session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i allow} \cell }{Set this to be true to allow connections to this session. False will stop any further connection attempts to this session and the connecting session will get kReplicaNet_ETRANSPORT_CLOSED from {\b GetSessionErrorReason()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetAutomaticPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPacketCompression (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables the automatic packet compression test. If enabled {\b XPSession} will test each packet sent to see if it can be compressed and if there is a space saving then the packet is compressed before sending. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Enable or disable automatic packet compression. The default is false to disable automatic packet compression. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPoll\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetAutomaticPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPoll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the automatic {\b Poll()} method In multi-threading libraries this restarts the automatic polling thread so that an application does not need the call {\b Poll()}\par In single-threading libraries this method has no effect and does not start a thread.\par The default multi-threading library behavior is to enable multi-threading automatic polls,\par The default single-threading library behavior is to use manual polls,\par \par
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPollXPSession\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetAutomaticPollXPSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPollXPSession (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the poll method to be set for the {\b XPSession} layer that is used by this session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPollXPURL\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetAutomaticPollXPURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPollXPURL (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the poll method to be set for the {\b XPURL} layer that is used by this session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetCanAcceptObjects\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetCanAcceptObjects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetCanAcceptObjects (bool {\i accept} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the user to set if this {\b ReplicaNet} session can accept objects via migration {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i accept} \cell }{Set this to be true if this session can accept objects through migration\par However if this session becomes a master and no other sessions can accept objects then this session uses the rule from {\b SetOnSessionError()} and flags a session error if objects are left when using kLeaveObjects. The default value is true\par Once a session is created or joined this parameter cannot be changed. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetCanBecomeMaster\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetCanBecomeMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetCanBecomeMaster (const bool {\i canBeMaster} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the session to set if it can become a master due to a fault being found from another session {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i canBeMaster} \cell }{Pass in true to enable this session to become a master if needed.\par The default is true\par Once a session is created or joined this parameter cannot be changed.\par Currently a session can only become a master if it is enabled for spidering however. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetCanSpider\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetCanSpider}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetCanSpider (const bool {\i canSpider} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the user to enable or disable spidering of network connections {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i canSpider} \cell }{Pass in true to enable spidering or false to disable spidering The default is true \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetClientOnly\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetClientOnly}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetClientOnly (const bool {\i isClient} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the client only flag for this session node. The default value is false which means this node will get joiner and leaver messages. If this is set to be true then this node will only get joiner/leaver messages for spider nodes or nodes that can become master nodes. This must not be changed after the session is used for joining a session. Setting this to option be true also automatically sets to be false {\b SetCanBecomeMaster()} and {\b SetCanSpider()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i isClient} \cell }{The default value is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetCurrentReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetCurrentReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetCurrentReplicaNet ({\b ReplicaNet} *const {\i replicanet}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Static function to set the current {\b ReplicaNet} class that is being used {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i replicanet} \cell }{the {\b ReplicaNet} class pointer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDataBlockUpdatePolicy (const bool {\i automatic} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the update policy for all registered {\b DataBlock} classes for every {\b ReplicaObject}. By default {\b ReplicaNet} will automatically update the each {\b DataBlock} when the {\b Poll()} method is called or regularly when using threads. However by calling this method with false will disable the automatic updates and the user must then call {\b ProcessDataBlockUpdate()} to update each {\b DataBlock}. This is useful if the user wants to uncouple the {\b DataBlock} updates from the internal {\b ReplicaNet} operations. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i automatic} \cell }{Enable or disable automatic {\b DataBlock} updates. The default is true, which enables automatic updates. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetDataRetention\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetDataRetention}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetDataRetention (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the raw data retention policy to be configured. By default {\b ReplicaNet} will discard raw data packets from the {\b DataSend()} or {\b DataReceive()} mechanism. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Set this to be true to enable retention of raw data packets. The default value is false, which means {\b ReplicaNet} will discard any raw data packets. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetEncryption\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetEncryption}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEncryption (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables encryption for this session {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{set this to be true to enable encryption for data sent from this session. The default is false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetGameChannel\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetGameChannel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetGameChannel (const int {\i channel} = {\f2 TransportAnyGameChannel})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the current channel number. If no channel number is passed then TransportAnyGameChannel is used. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channel} \cell }{The channel number to use. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLargePacketCompressionLevel\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetLargePacketCompressionLevel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLargePacketCompressionLevel (const int {\i level} = {\f2 5})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the compression level to use when compressing large session packets that are split into chunks. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetLatencyRecalculationDelay\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetLatencyRecalculationDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLatencyRecalculationDelay (const float {\i seconds} = {\f2 1.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the latency recalculation delay to be set. The default value is 1 second meaning there is a ping packet sent every second. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{The number of seconds before latency is recalculated. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadBalancing\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetLoadBalancing}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLoadBalancing (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables load balancing for this {\b ReplicaNet} session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{set this to true to enable load balancing. The default is false Once a session is created or joined this parameter cannot be changed. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetManualPoll\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetManualPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetManualPoll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the manual {\b Poll()} method for this class only.\par For multi-threaded libraries this turns off the automatic polling method.\par This allows an application to time exactly when polls are done.\par Doing this allows the extrapolation and prediction routines to calculate a more reliable set of data to send to other sessions.\par The application must call {\b Poll()} on a regular basis. A good place is just before or after the frame update is done. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetManualPollXPSession\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetManualPollXPSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetManualPollXPSession (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the poll method to be set for the {\b XPSession} layer that is used by this session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetManualPollXPURL\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetManualPollXPURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetManualPollXPURL (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the poll method to be set for the {\b XPURL} layer that is used by this session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMaximumDataSize\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetMaximumDataSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMaximumDataSize (const int {\i bytes} = {\f2 64\~ *1024})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum size of data that can be sent or received. If a session sends more data than the recipient is willing to receive then the recipient can decide to disconnect the source session connection. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMaximumLoad\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetMaximumLoad}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMaximumLoad (float {\i load} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b SetMaximumLoad()} sets the maximum load that the current session ID will try to have. This is specifically for when ReplicaNet::SetLoadBalancing(true) is used. Each object can have a 'load' value set by using ReplicaObject::SetLoadBalancing(true) and also setting the load value by using {\b ReplicaObject::SetLoadScore(float)}. When the total load for the master objects for a session ID exceeds the {\b SetMaximumLoad()} value then the session tries to migrate objects to a session ID that has a smaller load. This allows a system to be scaled such that if the server cluster was becoming full then another machine in the cluster could be started and some objects would be migrated to the new machine. The definition and scale of load "units" is left to the user to define. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i load} \cell }{the load in load "units" Once a session is created or joined this parameter cannot be changed. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetNodeBuffers\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetNodeBuffers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetNodeBuffers (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables buffering for this session node. With buffering enabled extra memory is used to improve multi-threaded performance when this node is used by another thread. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{The default is false which disables extra buffering. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetObserver\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetObserver}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetObserver ({\b ReplicaObject} *const {\i object} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets a {\b ReplicaObject} as the observer for this {\b ReplicaNet} session. Any {\b ReplicaObject} master or replica can be used as an observer. If a session has an object set as an observer but the observed object has not arrived yet the session will not receive any distance based propagated objects. Only when the observed object arrives will distance based objects be propagated. Using the Reliable or Certain object update type will guarantee delivery of the object update. The object must have been published, registered on the network session, (using {\b ReplicaObject::Publish()}) before being observed, an assert will be generated in debug builds. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{the object to use as an observer. Pass in NULL or omit the parameter to unset the observer. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetOnSessionError\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetOnSessionError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetOnSessionError (const OnError {\i whatToDo} = {\f2 kMigrateObjects})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a session error happens then this enables the user to decide if all ReplicaObjects should be tested for migration to this session. A session error happens when the master session disconnects and a new master cannot be found. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Set this to be true if all objects should be tested for migration to this session on an error condition\par The default is kMigrateObjects which takes all the objects from other sessions and converts them to be master objects if possible.\par kMigrateObjectsToNewMaster Causes objects that belong to other sessions to migrate to the new master if the new master uses SetCanAcceptObjects(true).\par kDeleteObjects Causes objects that belong to other sessions to be deleted.\par kLeaveObjects Causes objects that belong to other sessions to be unchanged and no migration checks are used.\par Once a session is created or joined this parameter cannot be changed. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPacketCompressionLevel\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetPacketCompressionLevel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPacketCompressionLevel (const int {\i level} = {\f2 10})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the compression level to use when compressing normal session packets. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPlaybackAllowMasterReplicaObjects (const bool {\i allow} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When playing back a recorded session the defines the if a recorded master {\b ReplicaObject} derived classes is kept as a master or is marked as a replica. For some applications it may be useful to always playback classes as replicas so that the application code does not try to control what was a master class. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i allow} \cell }{If this is true, what were recorded master classes will stay as masters. If this is false, what were master classes will be replicas when the recorded session is played back. The default is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPlaybackSpeed\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetPlaybackSpeed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPlaybackSpeed (const float {\i speed} = {\f2 1.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the speed of the playback. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i speed} \cell }{The speed for the playback. Smaller values produce slower playback and larger values produce faster playback. The default is 1.0. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPollLayerBelow\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetPollLayerBelow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPollLayerBelow (bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the user to determine if during a {\b Poll()} the layer below also gets called. For single threaded applications this function has no effect as the layer below always has the {\b Poll()} called. The default is true. \par The layer below in this case is {\b XPSession}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Enable or disable layer below polling. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPollLayerBelowForXPSession\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetPollLayerBelowForXPSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPollLayerBelowForXPSession (bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This calls {\b XPSession::SetPollLayerBelow()}. Please see the documentation in {\b XPSession} for more information. The default is true. \par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Enable or disable layer below polling. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPreConnect\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetPreConnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPreConnect (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables the pre-connect mechanism for session nodes that are joining a session. When this mechanism is enabled the joining session node will be able to exchange packets with the master session node before the node properly joins the session. The function {\b PreConnectHasFinished()} can be called to signal that the node wishes to complete a connect to the session. This function should only be used before a session node is used to join the session. The function {\b IsStable()} will not return true until the pre-connect is finished. See also {\b SetDataRetention()}.\par The intended for this mechanism is as follows:\par 1) SetPreConnect(true) and attempts to join a session. All calls to {\b GetSessionID()} will return kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID until after this session finishes the pre-connect and the master session transmits the correct sessionID.\par 2) When {\b GetPreConnectStatus()} returns true after this session node starts a join then this session node is in a pre-connect state.\par 3) This node will send one or more user defined packets that signal that the session wants to exchange certain pre-connect data to the master session using DataSendToSession() and session ID kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID. Using the reliable packet type is recommended but not mandatory.\par 4) The master session will receive user data packets and detecting that pre-connect data has been received will in reply send a user data message to the effect that it has received this information.\par 5) The joining node receives pre-connect data from the master session, verifies the data and either completes the pre-connect by calling {\b PreConnectHasFinished()} or uses {\b Disconnect()} to abort the connection.\par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Set this to be true to enable the pre-connect mechanism for this session node. If false then the session node will discard all pre-connect packets and the pre-connection mechanism is assumed to be disabled. The default is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetSessionIDCallback\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetSessionIDCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetSessionIDCallback (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables the {\b CallbackGetSessionID()} callback for the user to create their own sessionIDs. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetTransparentPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:SetTransparentPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetTransparentPacketCompression (const int {\i level} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Instead of using discrete data compression for each data packet sent using {\b XPSession}, use the {\b Transport} packet compression instead. This can result in higher compression ratios. This must be called before {\b SessionCreate()} or {\b SessionJoin()}. See {\b Transport::SetTransparentPacketCompression()} for more details. Note: If this compression method is enabled then use SetAutomaticPacketCompression(false) and SetEncryption(false) for best performance. \par
}}
{\xe \v StopSessionPlayback\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:StopSessionPlayback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void StopSessionPlayback (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops playback of a recorded network session. \par
}}
{\xe \v StopSessionRecord\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:StopSessionRecord}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void StopSessionRecord (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops recording the network session. \par
}}
{\xe \v UnLockObjects\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet\:UnLockObjects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UnLockObjects (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This unlocks the object lists from a previous {\b LockObjects()} call \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ReplicaNetDLLRegister Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ReplicaNetDLLRegister}
{\xe \v ReplicaNetDLLRegister}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARK}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ReplicaNet.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b Call} ({\b ReplicaNet} *repNet){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This internal class provides an interface that allows static forward library linkage or DLL linkage with an application to enable object IDs to be registered \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ReplicaObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v ReplicaObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARM}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ReplicaObject.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for ReplicaObject:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1ReplicaObject__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for ReplicaObject:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1ReplicaObject__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b PacketType} \{ {\b kPacket_Unreliable} = 0, 
{\b kPacket_Reliable} = 1, 
{\b kPacket_Certain} = 2, 
{\b kPacket_Ordered} = 3
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaObject} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~ReplicaObject} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsReplica} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsMaster} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsPublished} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Publish} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Unpublish} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual const int {\b GetClassID} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b SetRegistered} (bool flag=true)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b GetRegistered} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetUniqueID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetSessionID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaNet} * {\b GetBoundReplicaNet} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b ApproveFault} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b ApproveMigration} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b OwnerChange} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GiveOwnership} (int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RequestOwnership} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual float {\b CalculateDistanceToObject} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetDistanceToObject} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b SetOpaquePointer} (void *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void * {\b GetOpaquePointer} (void *data=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b DataBlock} * {\b FindDataBlock} (void *pdata)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
template<typename dataBlockType , typename dataType > dataBlockType * {\b FindDataBlock} (dataType &member)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GiveDeltaHint} (float &variable, float delta)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b ContinuityBreak} (float &variable, unsigned char breakTypes)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UpdateSetReliable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UpdateSetCertain} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UpdateSetUnreliable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UpdateSetOrdered} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b UpdateIsReliable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b UpdateIsCertain} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b UpdateIsUnreliable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b UpdateIsOrdered} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLoadBalancing} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLoadBalancingDefault} (const bool defaultValue=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetLoadBalancing} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLoadScore} (const float load=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLoadScoreDefault} (const float defaultLoad=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetLoadScore} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b PostObjectCreate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b UserRegisterDataBlocks} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b AddAutoRegisterDataBlock} ({\b DataBlock} *const dataBlock)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMessageReflectionID} (const int sessionID=kReplicaObjectUnknownUniqueID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetMessageReflectionID} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance} (const float distance=kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude} (const float distance=kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude} (const float distance=kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault} (const float distance=kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceIncludeDefault} (const float distance=kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExcludeDefault} (const float distance=kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetPropagateToSessionDistance} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceRecalculationDelay} (const float delay=0.1f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetSessionPropagationFilter} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetSessionPropagationFilter} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetSessionPropagationSet} (std::set< int > &theSet)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b SessionPropagationAddSession} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b SessionPropagationRemoveSession} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b DataBlockPacketDataReceived} (const {\b DataBlock} *datablock)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b DataBlockPacketDataReceivedPost} (const {\b DataBlock} *datablock)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b s_RO_RegistryBlock} * {\b GetRegistryBlock} (void) const =0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DataSend} (const int sessionid, const void *data, const int length, const PacketType type=kPacket_Reliable, const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallBackDataReceive} (const int fromsessionid, const void *data, const int length, const PacketType type)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetProcessingDataBlocksFromSessionID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackObjectUnpublishPre} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackObjectUnpublishPost} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID} ({\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet} *toBindTo=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DelayedDelete} (const float delaySeconds=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DelayedDeleteCancel} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetDelayedDelete} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetDelayedDelete} (float &delaySeconds)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UpdateSendDormant} (const bool dormant=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetUpdateSendDormant} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UpdateSendDormantDelay} (const bool dormant=false, const float delaySeconds=0.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b UpdateSendDormantDelayCancel} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetUpdateSendDormantDelay} (bool &dormant, float &delaySeconds) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b UpdateSendDormantDelayStateChange} (const bool dormant)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetBand} (const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned int {\b GetBand} (void) const \par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b ReplicaObject} * {\b AllocateForReplicaNet} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b DeleteForReplicaNet} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetDelayIDFetch} (const bool delay=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetDelayIDFetch} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetDelayBind} (const bool delay=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetDelayBind} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_GetUpdateType} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupLoadBalance} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupLoadBalanceScore} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupLoadBalanceDefault} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupLoadBalanceScoreDefault} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupOpaquePointer} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupPropagateToSessionDistanceRecalculationDelay} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAART}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAART}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupPropagateDistance} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupPropagateDistanceDefault} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupPropagateDistanceInclude} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupPropagateDistanceIncludeDefault} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupPropagateDistanceExclude} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupPropagateDistanceExcludeDefault} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b _Internal_SetupBand} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b _Internal_SetFullyQualifiedName} (const char *name=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

const char * {\b _Internal_GetFullyQualifiedName} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b _DebugInternal_EmitClassCreate} (const int packetSize, const int toSession){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b _DebugInternal_EmitClassDelete} (const int packetSize, const int toSession){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b _DebugInternal_EmitClassUnpublish} (const int packetSize, const int toSession){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b RegisterDataBlock} ({\b DataBlock} *block)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b SetNumExpectedDataBlocks} (const int expected){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetNumExpectedDataBlocks} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mDataBlocksRegistered}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b ReplicaNet}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b ReplicaNetPrivate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

struct {\b SessionUnique}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b DataBlock}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A {\b ReplicaObject} is the base class that all replica objects use.\par A {\b ReplicaObject} can be created before or after a {\b ReplicaNet} instance. If a {\b ReplicaObject} is created before a {\b ReplicaNet} instance it is advisable, but not required, to call {\b GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID()} with the {\b ReplicaNet} pointer when it is allocated. However if a {\b ReplicaObject} derived class is not intended to be used in a network session there is no requirement to allocate an instance of {\b ReplicaNet}. For example, if an application is started without {\b ReplicaNet} networking then instances of {\b ReplicaObject} will do nothing and use a nominal amount of memory.\par Each {\b ReplicaObject} class member variable propagated with a {\b DataBlock} can have a different packet update type (Unreliable, Certain or Reliable) to the {\b ReplicaObject}. When a {\b ReplicaObject} is propagated to a session all class member variables that need to send an initial update will temporarily use the update type of the {\b ReplicaObject}. This means a {\b ReplicaObject} propagated with the Certain update and with a class member variable normally propagated using Unreliable will have the initial variable propagated using Certain instead. This is to guarantee the initial object state is propagated along with the object propagation packet. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ReplicaObject\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:ReplicaObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaObject} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~ReplicaObject\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:~ReplicaObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b ReplicaObject} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy. If this object has been published the dtor also calls ReplicaNet::RemoveObject(this) to remove the references {\b ReplicaNet} holds about this object. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddAutoRegisterDataBlock\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:AddAutoRegisterDataBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void AddAutoRegisterDataBlock ({\b DataBlock} *const {\i dataBlock})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function allows DataBlocks to automatically register when a {\b ReplicaObject} is created. It is required that the same DataBlocks are registered in the same order for all master and replica objects. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i dataBlock} \cell }{the pointer to the {\b DataBlock} to register \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v AllocateForReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:AllocateForReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b ReplicaObject}* AllocateForReplicaNet (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This static function can be defined in a derived class to enable the allocation of a ReplicaObjet derived class to be implemented. This allocation must be implemented in such a way that the {\b ReplicaObject} constructor is called when this function is called. The default implementation is to use new. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A pointer to an object that is derived from {\b ReplicaObject}. \par
}}}
{\xe \v ApproveFault\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:ApproveFault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool ApproveFault (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this virtual callback to approve or deny that this object is fault tolerant and can change owner when a session leaves. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid To approve return true else return false. The default is false \par
}}}
{\xe \v ApproveMigration\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:ApproveMigration}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool ApproveMigration (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this virtual callback to approve or deny that this object can migrate when a migrate request is made. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid To approve return true else return false. The default is false \par
}}}
{\xe \v CalculateDistanceToObject\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:CalculateDistanceToObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual float CalculateDistanceToObject ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The callback for calculating the distance to an object. This can (and should) be replaced by the application's object types. Optimisation note, using {\b ReplicaNet} registered observers the target object will usually be a registered observer. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{The destination object to use, if this parameter is null then kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance should be returned. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the distance to the object. The default return value is kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance meaning that the distance between objects could not be calculated. \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallBackDataReceive\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:CallBackDataReceive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallBackDataReceive (const int {\i fromsessionid}, const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length}, const PacketType {\i type}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAST}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAST}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this virtual callback to process raw data sent by {\b DataSend()}. Processing for this function may occur during the thread context of {\b ReplicaNet} so processing time used by this function should be kept to a minimum to avoid performance issues. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromsessionid} \cell }{The session id that sent this data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The buffer for the data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{The length of the data received. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{The packet delivery type. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackObjectUnpublishPost\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:CallbackObjectUnpublishPost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackObjectUnpublishPost (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this virtual callback to detect when this object unlinks itself from the {\b ReplicaNet} object lists due to {\b ReplicaObject::Unpublish()} being used. This is called just after the unlinking procedure. The old sessionID and uniqueID values are not valid at this point however the object can be published again if required and it will behave as a new master object from this node. \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackObjectUnpublishPre\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:CallbackObjectUnpublishPre}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackObjectUnpublishPre (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this virtual callback to detect when this object unlinks itself from the {\b ReplicaNet} object lists due to {\b ReplicaObject::Unpublish()} being used. This is called just before the unlinking procedure. The sessionID and uniqueID values are still valid at this point. \par
}}
{\xe \v ContinuityBreak\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:ContinuityBreak}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void ContinuityBreak (float & {\i variable}, unsigned char {\i breakTypes})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is used to set a continuity break for the data set and provides useful information to the extrapolation algorithm {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i variable} \cell }{the variable to give a hint for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i breakTypes} \cell }{The break types to use for this break. For example : {\b DataBlock::kSuddenChange} | {\b DataBlock::kTeleport} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataBlockPacketDataReceived\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:DataBlockPacketDataReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void DataBlockPacketDataReceived (const {\b DataBlock} * {\i datablock}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback is triggered by {\b ReplicaNet} every time an update packet for a {\b DataBlock} is received, but before the packet data is processed. See also {\b FindDataBlock()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i datablock} \cell }{The pointer to the {\b DataBlock} that is getting the update. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataBlockPacketDataReceivedPost\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:DataBlockPacketDataReceivedPost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void DataBlockPacketDataReceivedPost (const {\b DataBlock} * {\i datablock}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual callback is triggered by {\b ReplicaNet} every time an update packet for a {\b DataBlock} is received, after the packet data is processed. See also {\b FindDataBlock()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i datablock} \cell }{The pointer to the {\b DataBlock} that has received the update. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataSend\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:DataSend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DataSend (const int {\i sessionid}, const void * {\i data}, const int {\i length}, const PacketType {\i type} = {\f2 kPacket_Reliable}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends raw data from this session to any other session via it's ID or to all sessions by using kReplicaNetBroadcastID.\par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionid} \cell }{the session id to send to or kReplicaNetBroadcastID \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to send. Data packets larger than 512 bytes may be fragmented and sent in separate chunks. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{The type of data packet to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{The band to use for the underlying {\b Transport} when sending with the Reliable method. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DelayedDelete\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:DelayedDelete}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DelayedDelete (const float {\i delaySeconds} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will flag this {\b ReplicaObject} for a delete by {\b ReplicaNet} when delay amount of time elapses, the default is as soon as possible, but will delay the delete until any object {\b DataBlock} update finishes. This is especially useful during a network function call since objects must not be deleted during these function calls. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i delaySeconds} \cell }{The amount of time to wait for the delete. The default is 0.0 seconds, meaning the delete will happen as soon as possible. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DelayedDeleteCancel\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:DelayedDeleteCancel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DelayedDeleteCancel (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cancels any pending delayed delete set by DelayDelete(). \par
}}
{\xe \v DeleteForReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:DeleteForReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void DeleteForReplicaNet ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This static function can be defined in a derived class to enable the de-allocation of a ReplicaObjet derived class to be implemented. This allocation must be implemented in such a way that the {\b ReplicaObject} destructor is called when this function is called. The default implementation is to use delete. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{A pointer to an object that is derived from {\b ReplicaObject}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v FindDataBlock\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:FindDataBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b DataBlock}* FindDataBlock (void * {\i pdata})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given a pointer to memory this functions finds a data block attached to that memory area {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pdata} \cell }{the pointer to the memory area \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the {\b DataBlock} pointer or NULL if no data block is attached \par
}}{
Referenced by ReplicaObject::FindDataBlock().}\par
}
{\xe \v FindDataBlock\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:FindDataBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
dataBlockType* FindDataBlock (dataType & {\i member}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns a {\b DataBlock} derived class attached to the class member. \par
}{
References ReplicaObject::FindDataBlock().}\par
}
{\xe \v GetBand\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetBand}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned int GetBand (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function returns the value set by {\b SetBand()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetBoundReplicaNet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetBoundReplicaNet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaNet}* GetBoundReplicaNet (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the object's bound {\b ReplicaNet} class \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the {\b ReplicaNet} pointer that is bound to this object \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetClassID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetClassID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual const int GetClassID (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the class id that is set \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the class id for this class \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetDelayBind\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetDelayBind}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetDelayBind (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value set by {\b SetDelayIDFetch()} \par
}}
{\xe \v GetDelayedDelete\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetDelayedDelete}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetDelayedDelete (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if a delay delete is pending. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetDelayedDelete\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetDelayedDelete}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetDelayedDelete (float & {\i delaySeconds})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if a delay delete is pending. The time is also returned in delaySeconds. If there is no delayed delete then delaySeconds will not be changed. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetDelayIDFetch\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetDelayIDFetch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetDelayIDFetch (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value set by {\b SetDelayIDFetch()} \par
}}
{\xe \v GetDistanceToObject\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetDistanceToObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetDistanceToObject ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the distance to another supplied {\b ReplicaObject}. This function applies a caching mechanism to avoid too many unwanted calculations. Optimisation note, using {\b ReplicaNet} registered observers the target object will usually be a registered observer. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{The destination object to use. If the object pointer is null then kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance is returned. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the distance to the object or kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance meaning the distance between two objects couldn't be calculated. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLoadBalancing\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetLoadBalancing}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetLoadBalancing (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of the load balancing flag \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if load balancing is enabled \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLoadScore\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetLoadScore}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetLoadScore (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the object to report a score based on its "load" for the master session. The definition of "load" units is left to the user. The default return value is 0.0f \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A "load" score for this object. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMessageReflectionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetMessageReflectionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetMessageReflectionID (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function gets the sessionID used to reflect message updates \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The sessionID that isused to reflect messages, kReplicaObjectUnknownUniqueID means that the master object sends message updates \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID ({\b RNReplicaNet::ReplicaNet} * {\i toBindTo} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Care must be taken when using this function as it forces a new sessionID and uniqueID to be fetched from {\b ReplicaNet}. See {\b SetDelayIDFetch()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i toBindTo} \cell }{The {\b ReplicaNet} instance this object should be bound to. The default value is null and in this case will use the {\b ReplicaNet} instance currently bound to this {\b ReplicaObject} instance during the constructor. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true indicates the operation succeeded. False indicates the operation failed mostly likely due to there being no {\b ReplicaNet} instance or the object already being registered with {\b ReplicaNet}. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNumExpectedDataBlocks\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetNumExpectedDataBlocks}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetNumExpectedDataBlocks (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Override this to allow the user to return how many {\b DataBlock} classes are expected to be registered with the derived {\b ReplicaObject} class and reserve memory for the internal storage. Alternatively call SomeReplicaObjectDerivedClass::StaticSetExpectedNumDataBlocks() to set the expected number of {\b DataBlock} classes for this object. For example this static method could be called from the derived object constructor. The expected number of {\b DataBlock} classes can be unique for each {\b ReplicaObject} derived class. Storage for this is initialised by the standard ROL setup macro _RO_DEF_SETUP_TYPE_SPECIFICS. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetOpaquePointer\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetOpaquePointer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void* GetOpaquePointer (void * {\i data} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a useful virtual call that can be used to obtain opaque pointers to classes or data in a {\b ReplicaObject} or the derived class {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to some optional data that can be passed in. This defaults to null \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the opaque data pointer \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetProcessingDataBlocksFromSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetProcessingDataBlocksFromSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetProcessingDataBlocksFromSessionID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When processing {\b DataBlock} updates this will return the sessionID of the originator of those updates. Usually this will be the master sessionID of the object however when using a reflecting object or a master callback this function will return these sessionIDs. If no {\b DataBlock} is being processed then kReplicaNetUnknownUniqueID will be returned. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A sessionID. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPropagateToSessionDistance\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetPropagateToSessionDistance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetPropagateToSessionDistance (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the distance value to be read for this {\b ReplicaObject} set by {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance()}. This function can be used on a master or replica {\b ReplicaObject} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the distance value \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Similar to {\b GetPropagateToSessionDistance()} returns the value set by {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Similar to {\b GetPropagateToSessionDistance()} returns the value set by {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetRegistered\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetRegistered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool GetRegistered (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the registered flag status of this class \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the registered state of this class \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetRegistryBlock\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetRegistryBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b s_RO_RegistryBlock}* GetRegistryBlock (void ) const{\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A pure virtual access method to return the registry block associated with this {\b ReplicaObject} class type. This registry block is set when the {\b ReplicaObject} derived class is registered with {\b ReplicaNet} and the standard interface is implemented by the macro _RO_DO_STD_FRAMEWORK()\par For example, to get the registered class name of an unknown "ReplicaObject *theObject" pointer, use the preprocessor to define REPLICANET_VISUALDEBUGGER and then use: theObject->{\b GetRegistryBlock()}->GetName(). \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the pointer to the {\b s_RO_RegistryBlock}. The registry block contents must not be changed by the user. This function must always return a valid registry block pointer. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetSessionID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the session id of the object which is global for the whole network session \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the session id \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetSessionPropagationFilter\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetSessionPropagationFilter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetSessionPropagationFilter (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the status of the session propagation filter mechanism to be read. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i Returns} \cell }{true if the mechanism is enabled \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetSessionPropagationSet\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetSessionPropagationSet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetSessionPropagationSet (std::set< int > & {\i theSet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current propagation set. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i theSet} \cell }{The current set is stored in this reference. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetUniqueID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetUniqueID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetUniqueID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the unique id of the object local to the session. To identify an object for the entire network session you need to use {\b GetUniqueID()} and {\b GetSessionID()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the unique id \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetUpdateSendDormant\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetUpdateSendDormant}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetUpdateSendDormant (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the dormant state of this object set by {\b UpdateSendDormant()} or by {\b UpdateSendDormantDelay()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetUpdateSendDormantDelay\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GetUpdateSendDormantDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetUpdateSendDormantDelay (bool & {\i dormant}, float & {\i delaySeconds}) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the configuration of this object set by {\b UpdateSendDormantDelay()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid If there is no pending delayed dormant set then false is returned and the two input variables are left unchanged. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GiveDeltaHint\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GiveDeltaHint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GiveDeltaHint (float & {\i variable}, float {\i delta})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This gives a delta hint for a particular variable that has a float type. The delta should be expressed in units of change per second. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i variable} \cell }{the variable to give a hint for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i delta} \cell }{the delta hint \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GiveOwnership\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:GiveOwnership}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GiveOwnership (int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This tries to change the ownership on a {\b ReplicaObject} to another session. This only succeeds if the {\b ReplicaObject} is a Master object. This only succeeds if the {\b ApproveMigration()} callback returns true for the object. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{the target sessionID for this object to migrate to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v IsMaster\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:IsMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsMaster (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the status of the object to see if it is a master object \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if this object is a master copy for the network \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsPublished\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:IsPublished}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsPublished (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the status of the object to see if it is published, i.e. registered on the network session. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if this object is published. \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsReplica\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:IsReplica}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsReplica (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the status of the object to see if it is a master object \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if this object is a replica (copy) from the network \par
}}}
{\xe \v OwnerChange\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:OwnerChange}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void OwnerChange (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback is called by {\b ReplicaNet} whenever an object changes owner. \par
}}
{\xe \v PostObjectCreate\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:PostObjectCreate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void PostObjectCreate (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This virtual method callback is called by {\b ReplicaNet} when a class is created and the initial data from the data blocks has been filled in. The user can choose to override this function if needed. The base class method does not need to be called. \par
}}
{\xe \v Publish\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:Publish}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Publish (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Publish this object on to the network. This uses ReplicaNet::AddObject(this) to add a reference of this object to {\b ReplicaNet}. If the object has already been registered with {\b ReplicaNet} (i.e. it is a replica or has already been published) this will generate an assert in debug code and have no effect in release code. \par
}}
{\xe \v RegisterDataBlock\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:RegisterDataBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void RegisterDataBlock ({\b DataBlock} * {\i block}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Registers a datablock from the derived class to this class. This calls DataBlock::BindReplicaNet(ReplicaObject::GetBoundReplicaNet()), DataBlock::BindReplicaObject(ReplicaObject::this) and DataBlock::SetID(theNextInternalID) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i The} \cell }{data block to register \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v RequestOwnership\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:RequestOwnership}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RequestOwnership (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This requests a change of the ownership on a {\b ReplicaObject} to be the calling session. This only succeeds if the {\b ReplicaObject} is a Replica. This only succeeds if the {\b ApproveMigration()} callback returns true for the object. \par
}}
{\xe \v SessionPropagationAddSession\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SessionPropagationAddSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool SessionPropagationAddSession (const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When the session propagation filter mechanism is enabled this function tells this {\b ReplicaObject} to propagate to the supplied session ID. This function will only operate correctly when the session propagation filter mechanism is enabled. The session ID must be a valid ID known to the network session. The session ID from the callback {\b ReplicaNet::JoinerSessionIDPre()} can be safely added to objects. If the session ID has already been added to the list (without a corresponding remove) then {\b ReplicaNet} will ignore extra additions. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{The session ID to propagate to. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the added sessionID was not in the list. Returns false if the sessionID was in the propagation list. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SessionPropagationRemoveSession\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SessionPropagationRemoveSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool SessionPropagationRemoveSession (const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When the session propagation filter mechanism is enabled this function tells this {\b ReplicaObject} to finish propagating to the supplied session ID. This function will only operate correctly when the session propagation filter mechanism is enabled. The session ID must be a valid ID known to the network session. The session ID from the callback {\b ReplicaNet::LeaverSessionIDPre()} can be safely added to objects. If the session ID has already been removed from the list (without a corresponding add) then {\b ReplicaNet} will ignore extra remove requests. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{The session ID to finish propagating to. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the removed sessionID was in the list. Returns false if the sessionID was not in the propagation list. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetBand\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetBand}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetBand (const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the band used by the underlying {\b Transport} when using the Reliable method to send this {\b ReplicaObject} update. The default value is 0 which is the same band as the internal session messages. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetDelayBind\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetDelayBind}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetDelayBind (const bool {\i delay} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When true this causes {\b ReplicaObject} instances to not bind to the currently available {\b ReplicaNet} instance during {\b ReplicaObject} construction. This will also cause the object to delay getting a session and unique ID during construction. Instead a specific call to {\b GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID()} is needed to set the bound {\b ReplicaNet} instance. The default value is false, this means {\b ReplicaNet::GetCurrentReplicaNet()} is used during construction for the bound {\b ReplicaNet} instance. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetDelayIDFetch\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetDelayIDFetch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetDelayIDFetch (const bool {\i delay} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When true this causes the function {\b GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID()} to be called after the constructor, so during {\b Publish()} or during ReplicaNet::AllocateReplicaObject(). When true this allows Replicanet::CallbackGetObjectUniqueID(ReplicaObject *object) to call virtual methods from the {\b ReplicaObject} pointer because the constructor will have finished. This also means the object ID values will not be valid during the constructor and will only be valid after {\b GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID()} has been called. The default value is false, this means {\b GetNewSessionIDAndUniqueID()} and hence {\b ReplicaNet::CallbackGetObjectUniqueID()} will be called during construction and means the object ID values will be valid when the derived class constructor is called. This does mean the object pointer during CallbackGetObjectUniqueID() cannot be used to call virtual methods because the object is being constructed. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadBalancing\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetLoadBalancing}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLoadBalancing (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables load balancing for this {\b ReplicaObject}. For this object to migrate due to load balancing {\b ReplicaObject::ApproveMigration()} must return true, the corresponding ROL script command can also be used. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{set this to true to enable load balancing. The default is false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadBalancingDefault\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetLoadBalancingDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLoadBalancingDefault (const bool {\i defaultValue} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the default value that the load balancing uses. Setting the default value in the object constructor to the same value that is set for the load balancing will result in a smaller data packet being sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i defaultValue} \cell }{the value that is the default value. The default is false to match the parameter to {\b SetLoadBalancing()} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadScore\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetLoadScore}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLoadScore (const float {\i load} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the object load unit score.. The definition of "load" units is left to the user. The default return value is 0.0f {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i load} \cell }{A "load" score for this object. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLoadScoreDefault\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetLoadScoreDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLoadScoreDefault (const float {\i defaultLoad} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the default value that the load balancing score uses. Setting the default value in the object constructor to the same value that is set for the load balancing will result in a smaller data packet being sent when an object is published. When setting a default value the same value must be set on the master and all replica objects otherwise the different sessions will assume different default values. If a replica is unable to know that other replicas will set the same default value then not using the function will ensure that the correct value is propagated. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i defaultLoad} \cell }{the value that is the default value. The default is 0.0f to match the parameter to {\b SetLoadScore()} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetMessageReflectionID\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetMessageReflectionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMessageReflectionID (const int {\i sessionID} = {\f2 kReplicaObjectUnknownUniqueID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function allows an object to state which sessionID should be used for sending messages to other sessions. By default the master object is used to send {\b DataBlock} and message updates. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{the session to be used for sending message updates, the default is kReplicaObjectUnknownUniqueID which signifies that the master sends messages. If the reflection ID is the same as the master session ID then the reflection ID change is ignored. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetOpaquePointer\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetOpaquePointer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void SetOpaquePointer (void * {\i data}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a useful virtual call that can be used to set an opaque pointer to classes or data in a {\b ReplicaObject} or the derived class {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the opaque data \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistance\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetPropagateToSessionDistance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPropagateToSessionDistance (const float {\i distance} = {\f2 kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function sets the distance that an object has to be within for it to be propagated relative to a session observer. If a session has an observer and the {\b CalculateDistanceToObject()} result is greater than the value specified then the session will not receive object updates. If a session has no registered observer then the object will always be propagated to that session. It is therefore a good idea to publish and set the observer for a session before joining a {\b ReplicaNet} session so that the joining session does not receive objects that will then quickly get removed again. The default value for a {\b ReplicaObject} is to have this distance set to kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance, which means that the object will always be propagated to a session. This function can only be used if the {\b ReplicaObject} is a master and {\b SetSessionPropagationFilter()} is not activated. This distance can be changed at runtime. To ensure this functionality is enabled the first use of this function must be before the object is published using the {\b Publish()} method. If the {\b ReplicaObject} owner changes, notified through the {\b OwnerChange()} callback, then {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance()} must be called to enable this functionality on the new master. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i distance} \cell }{the distance to set, kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance is the default value \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault (const float {\i distance} = {\f2 kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the default value that the propagate distance uses. Setting the default value in the object constructor to the same value that is set for the distance will result in a smaller data packet being sent when an object is published. When setting a default value the same value must be set on the master and all replica objects otherwise the different sessions will assume different default values. If a replica is unable to know that other replicas will set the same default value then not using the function will ensure that the correct value is propagated. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i distance} \cell }{the value that is the default value. The default is kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance to match the parameter to {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance()} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude (const float {\i distance} = {\f2 kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Similar to {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance()} this function sets the maximum distance where objects will be excluded from the distance based propagation. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExcludeDefault\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExcludeDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExcludeDefault (const float {\i distance} = {\f2 kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Similar to {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault()} this function sets the default value for {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceExclude()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude (const float {\i distance} = {\f2 kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Similar to {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistance()} this function sets the minimum distance where objects will be included in the distance based propagation. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistanceIncludeDefault\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetPropagateToSessionDistanceIncludeDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPropagateToSessionDistanceIncludeDefault (const float {\i distance} = {\f2 kReplicaObject_InfiniteDistance})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Similar to {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceDefault()} this function sets the default value for {\b SetPropagateToSessionDistanceInclude()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPropagateToSessionDistanceRecalculationDelay\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetPropagateToSessionDistanceRecalculationDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPropagateToSessionDistanceRecalculationDelay (const float {\i delay} = {\f2 0.1f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function sets the minimum recalculation delay that this object will use when it calculates distance based propagation.\par If the object owner changes the delay time will revert back to the default value. The object will, if enabled, automatically recalculate the list of sessions to propagate to. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i delay} \cell }{The recalculation delay in seconds, the default is 0.1 seconds. Values less than 0 are ignored. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetRegistered\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetRegistered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void SetRegistered (bool {\i flag} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the registered flag to the bool value {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i flag} \cell }{the value to set the flag to, true is default \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetSessionPropagationFilter\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:SetSessionPropagationFilter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetSessionPropagationFilter (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the session propagation filter mechanism to be enabled or disabled for a master {\b ReplicaObject}. When enabled the {\b ReplicaObject} will ignore all joining sessions and the user application is then responsible for supplying the session IDs that this object will propagate to. This mechanism effectively turns off all {\b ReplicaNet} object propagation functions for this object, including the distance based propagation. This mechanism can only be enabled or disabled before the object is published to {\b ReplicaNet}. If the object is set to reflect updates, using {\b SetMessageReflectionID()}, then the reflect session ID must also be added to the session propagation list. If the {\b ReplicaObject} owner changes, notified through the {\b OwnerChange()} callback, then the previous list of propagated sessions is discarded. {\b SetSessionPropagationFilter()} must be called to enable this functionality on the new master and the sessions to propagate to must again be added using {\b SessionPropagationAddSession()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{When true enables this mechanism. The default value is false and this mechanism is disabled. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Unpublish\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:Unpublish}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Unpublish (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Unpublish this object from the network. If the object is a master then this will unpublish the object on all replicas. If the object is a replica then this will only unpublish the object on this node. This object will not send network updates using {\b ReplicaNet}. The user callback function {\b CallbackObjectUnpublishPre()} and {\b CallbackObjectUnpublishPost()} will be called and the object will unregister itself from all {\b ReplicaNet} object lists but will remain allocated for the user to handle. \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateIsCertain\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateIsCertain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool UpdateIsCertain (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the update type for this object. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if this object uses the 'certain' packet type. \par
}}}
{\xe \v UpdateIsOrdered\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateIsOrdered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool UpdateIsOrdered (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the update type for this object. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if this object uses the 'certain' packet type. \par
}}}
{\xe \v UpdateIsReliable\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateIsReliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool UpdateIsReliable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the update type for this object. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if this object uses the 'reliable' packet type. \par
}}}
{\xe \v UpdateIsUnreliable\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateIsUnreliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool UpdateIsUnreliable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the update type for this object. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true if this object uses the 'certain' packet type. \par
}}}
{\xe \v UpdateSendDormant\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSendDormant}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UpdateSendDormant (const bool {\i dormant} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the dormant state of this object to be set. Dormant objects use less processor time because DataBlocks are not checked. If true then this object will not send any {\b DataBlock} updates. \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateSendDormantDelay\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSendDormantDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UpdateSendDormantDelay (const bool {\i dormant} = {\f2 false}, const float {\i delaySeconds} = {\f2 0.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the dormant state of this object to be set when delaySeconds has elapsed. Dormant objects use less processor time because DataBlocks are not checked. If true then this object will not send any {\b DataBlock} updates. The default value for delaySeconds is 0.0f seconds and with this value this function is exactly the same operation as {\b UpdateSendDormant()}. When delaySeconds has elapsed then {\b UpdateSendDormant()} will automatically be called with the configured dormant state. \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateSendDormantDelayCancel\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSendDormantDelayCancel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UpdateSendDormantDelayCancel (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cancels any request configured by {\b UpdateSendDormantDelay()} \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateSendDormantDelayStateChange\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSendDormantDelayStateChange}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void UpdateSendDormantDelayStateChange (const bool {\i dormant}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
When the {\b UpdateSendDormantDelay()} delaySeconds has elapsed this callback will be called with the new state in dormant. The current dormant state of the object can be read by using {\b GetUpdateSendDormant()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateSetCertain\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSetCertain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UpdateSetCertain (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets this object to use the 'certain' packet type when transmitting information about this object to other sessions.\par By default the object uses the reliable method.\par Each datablock then uses the type of update assigned to itself. \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateSetOrdered\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSetOrdered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UpdateSetOrdered (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets this object to use the 'normal ordered' packet type when transmitting information about this object to other sessions.\par By default the object uses the reliable method.\par Each datablock then uses the type of update assigned to itself. \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateSetReliable\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSetReliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UpdateSetReliable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets this object to use the 'reliable' packet type when transmitting information about this object to other sessions.\par By default the object uses the reliable method.\par Each datablock then uses the type of update assigned to itself. \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateSetUnreliable\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UpdateSetUnreliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void UpdateSetUnreliable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets this object to use the 'normal' packet type when transmitting information about this object to other sessions.\par By default the object uses the reliable method.\par Each datablock then uses the type of update assigned to itself. \par
}}
{\xe \v UserRegisterDataBlocks\:RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ReplicaObject\:UserRegisterDataBlocks}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void UserRegisterDataBlocks (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the user to expand the datablock mechanism with custom registering of datablocks if needed. It is required that the same DataBlocks are registered in the same order for all master and replica objects. These datablocks are registered after the internal {\b ReplicaObject}, ROL derived class datablocks and auto-added datablocks. Any datablocks added by this function should be added using {\b RegisterDataBlock()} and not {\b AddAutoRegisterDataBlock()} Do not call this function directly, this function is only called by {\b ReplicaNet}. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RNROLCompiler Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RNROLCompiler}
{\xe \v RNROLCompiler}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEN}
Inheritance diagram for RNROLCompiler:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNROLCompiler__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The {\b RNROLCompiler} parses ROL script files and produces cpp/h output files for inclusion into the project. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
s_RO_RegistryBlock Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v s_RO_RegistryBlock}
{\xe \v s_RO_RegistryBlock}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVX}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <RO_RegistryBlock.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b s_RO_RegistryBlock} (int id, p_RO_Func *pfunc, p_RO_FuncDelete *pfunc_delete, const char *name=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetClassID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ReplicaObject} * {\b CallBackAllocate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b CallBackDelete} ({\b ReplicaObject} *{\b object})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b GetName} (void) const \par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a registry block used when class allocator functions are registered at startup \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v s_RO_RegistryBlock\:RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock\:s_RO_RegistryBlock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b s_RO_RegistryBlock} (int {\i id}, p_RO_Func * {\i pfunc}, p_RO_FuncDelete * {\i pfunc_delete}, const char * {\i name} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This ctor fills in the parameters in the structure {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i id} \cell }{the class id to use for this block \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pfunc} \cell }{the function pointer that can allocate this class id \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pfunc_delete} \cell }{the function that can delete this class id \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{the name of the class. The default value is null \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallBackAllocate\:RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock\:CallBackAllocate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ReplicaObject}* CallBackAllocate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Calls the allocate function pointer registered for this block and returns the {\b ReplicaObject} pointer \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the replica object pointer \par
}}}
{\xe \v CallBackDelete\:RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock\:CallBackDelete}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void CallBackDelete ({\b ReplicaObject} * {\i object})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Calls the delete function pointer registered for this block {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{the replica object pointer to delete \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetClassID\:RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock\:GetClassID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetClassID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the class id from the structure \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the class id \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetName\:RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_RO_RegistryBlock\:GetName}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* GetName (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the class name if the preprocessor define REPLICANET_VISUALDEBUGGER is used. Otherwise the return value is null. If the class name is null then the {\b ReplicaObject} will not appear in the Visual Debugger output. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The name \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
s_XPErrorTranslate Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v s_XPErrorTranslate}
{\xe \v s_XPErrorTranslate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMQ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b error}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b text}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b longtext}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v error\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPErrorTranslate}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPErrorTranslate\:error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int error}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Error number \par
}}
{\xe \v longtext\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPErrorTranslate}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPErrorTranslate\:longtext}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* longtext}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Long error text \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_TranslateErrorLong().}\par
}
{\xe \v text\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPErrorTranslate}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPErrorTranslate\:text}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* text}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Short error text \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_TranslateError().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
s_XPSocket Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v s_XPSocket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLV}
Collaboration diagram for s_XPSocket:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structRNReplicaNet_1_1s__XPSocket__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b type}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b state}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b total_sent}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b total_received}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b total_accepts}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b total_connects}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b urgent}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b t_XPAddress} {\b addr}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b wins_socket}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b wins_socket6}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b loopback_socket}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
char * {\b loopback_recvbuffer}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b loopback_recvpos}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b loopback_readpos}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b loopback_pending}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b port}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b port6}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b mCounter}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b t_XPAddress} {\b mCachedAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mCachedAddressGot}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLX}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addr\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:addr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t_XPAddress} addr}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Address of external connection for this socket \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Accept(), and XPSock_Connect().}\par
}
{\xe \v loopback_pending\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:loopback_pending}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int loopback_pending}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Pending \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Recv(), and XPSock_Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v loopback_readpos\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:loopback_readpos}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int loopback_readpos}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Read position in the receive buffer \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Recv().}\par
}
{\xe \v loopback_recvbuffer\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:loopback_recvbuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
char* loopback_recvbuffer}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Pointer to the receive buffer \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Accept(), XPSock_Close(), XPSock_Connect(), XPSock_Recv(), and XPSock_Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v loopback_recvpos\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:loopback_recvpos}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int loopback_recvpos}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Write position in the receive buffer \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v loopback_socket\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:loopback_socket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t_XPSocket}* loopback_socket}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Pointer to the internal loop-back socket if the socket is in local loopback mode \par
}}
{\xe \v mCounter\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:mCounter}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int mCounter}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABME}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Incremented every receive, regardless if there was an error or not \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_UrgentRecv().}\par
}
{\xe \v port\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:port}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int port}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The port number \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Listen(), and XPSock_UrgentCreate().}\par
}
{\xe \v port6\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:port6}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int port6}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The port number \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_UrgentCreate().}\par
}
{\xe \v state\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:state}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int state}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
State of the socket \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Accept(), XPSock_Close(), XPSock_Connect(), XPSock_Listen(), XPSock_Recv(), and XPSock_Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v total_accepts\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:total_accepts}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int total_accepts}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of accepts this socket has processed if it is a listen socket \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Accept().}\par
}
{\xe \v total_connects\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:total_connects}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int total_connects}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of connects for this socket \par
}}
{\xe \v total_received\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:total_received}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int total_received}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total amount of data received in bytes to this socket \par
}}
{\xe \v total_sent\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:total_sent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int total_sent}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABML}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total amount of data sent in bytes from this socket \par
}}
{\xe \v type\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:type}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int type}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Type of the socket \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Accept(), XPSock_Close(), XPSock_Connect(), XPSock_Listen(), XPSock_Recv(), and XPSock_Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v urgent\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:urgent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int urgent}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Flagged with TRUE if it is an urgent socket \par
}}
{\xe \v wins_socket\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:wins_socket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int wins_socket}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For OS socket identifier/handle \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Accept(), XPSock_Close(), XPSock_Connect(), XPSock_Create(), XPSock_GetAddress(), XPSock_GetPeerAddress(), XPSock_Listen(), XPSock_Recv(), XPSock_Send(), XPSock_SetRecvBuffer(), XPSock_SetSendBuffer(), XPSock_UrgentCreate(), XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast(), XPSock_UrgentRecv(), and XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
{\xe \v wins_socket6\:RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::s_XPSocket\:wins_socket6}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int wins_socket6}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For OS socket6 identifier/handle \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Close(), XPSock_Create(), XPSock_GetAddress(), XPSock_UrgentCreate(), XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast(), XPSock_UrgentRecv(), and XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ScanChecksum Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ScanChecksum}
{\xe \v ScanChecksum}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFX}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This scans a supplied path and stores the results. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <ScanChecksum.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for ScanChecksum:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1ScanChecksum__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for ScanChecksum:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1ScanChecksum__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (std::list< {\b ScanPath::Entry} > &paths, const bool multiThread=false, const size_t chunkSize=1024 *1024)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} ({\b ScanPath::Entry} &entry, const size_t chunkSize=1024 *1024){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Stop} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCompleted} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackUpdate} (const size_t numFiles, const {\b ScanPath::Entry} &currentEntry, const size_t currentBytesScanned)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackComplete} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFZ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the scanning is complete. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This scans a supplied path and stores the results. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackUpdate\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum\:CallbackUpdate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackUpdate (const size_t {\i numFiles}, const {\b ScanPath::Entry} & {\i currentEntry}, const size_t {\i currentBytesScanned}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the scanning status is updated. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True allows the scan to continue. False terminates the scan as quickly as possible. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCompleted\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum\:GetCompleted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCompleted (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the completion state of the last scan. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A completed scan returns true, a pending scan returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (std::list< {\b ScanPath::Entry} > & {\i paths}, const bool {\i multiThread} = {\f2 false}, const size_t {\i chunkSize} = {\f2 1024\~ *1024})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts scanning the paths supplied using an optional new thread and generates checksum information for each file. If a scan is already running the previous scan is stopped. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i paths} \cell }{The paths to scan and produce checksum information for. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i multiThread} \cell }{By default the scan does not use an extra thread. Using true will start a thread to start scanning and {\b Start()} will return immediately. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i chunkSize} \cell }{The number of bytes to use for a file buffer when accessing files. By default this uses a megabyte. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanChecksum\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Stop (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the current scan if it is running. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ScanForDiffs Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ScanForDiffs}
{\xe \v ScanForDiffs}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetNumVersions} (const size_t numVersions=3)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumVersions} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the value from {\b SetNumVersions()}. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const char *patchIndexPath, const char *patchDataPath, const std::list< {\b ScanPath::Entry} > &productFiles, std::vector< size_t > &idsRemoved, const size_t stripProductPath=0, const size_t level=8)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackScanning} (size_t pos, size_t max, const {\b ScanPath::Entry} &entry, const size_t filePos, const size_t fileMax)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b CompressFile} (size_t pos, size_t max, const {\b ScanPath::Entry} &entry, const char *sourceFile, const char *destinationFile, const size_t level, const size_t chunkSize=256 *1024, const bool useCores=true){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b DecompressFile} (size_t pos, size_t max, const {\b ScanPath::Entry} &entry, const char *sourceFile, const char *destinationFile){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b mNumVersions}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGI}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackScanning\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanForDiffs}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanForDiffs\:CallbackScanning}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackScanning (size_t {\i pos}, size_t {\i max}, const {\b ScanPath::Entry} & {\i entry}, const size_t {\i filePos}, const size_t {\i fileMax}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the scanning status is updated. This can be called frequently so it should complete quickly. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True allows the scan to continue. False terminates the scan as quickly as possible. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetNumVersions\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanForDiffs}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanForDiffs\:SetNumVersions}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetNumVersions (const size_t {\i numVersions} = {\f2 3})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the maximum number of patch versions for each new file scanned. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numVersions} \cell }{The number of versions for each new file scanned to keep in the history. 0 is a special case and will keep an infinite history of changes. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanForDiffs}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanForDiffs\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const char * {\i patchIndexPath}, const char * {\i patchDataPath}, const std::list< {\b ScanPath::Entry} > & {\i productFiles}, std::vector< size_t > & {\i idsRemoved}, const size_t {\i stripProductPath} = {\f2 0}, const size_t {\i level} = {\f2 8})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This uses a patch index file and scans the files in a product to generate patch files from the previous versions submitted to this product index. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i level} \cell }{The compression level to use. 10 gives the best compression but is slow and uses more memory. 1 is fast, uses less memory but does not compress as well. The default is 8 giving reasonable performance. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ScanPath Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ScanPath}
{\xe \v ScanPath}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGM}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This scans a supplied path and stores the results. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <ScanPath.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for ScanPath:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1ScanPath__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for ScanPath:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1ScanPath__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b Entry}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An entry in the list updated by {\b ScanPath::Start()} }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b FileChecksum}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Start} (const char *path, std::list< {\b Entry} > &result, const bool recurse=false, const bool justFiles=true, const bool multiThread=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Stop} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCompleted} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b CallbackUpdate} (const size_t numFiles, const size_t numFolders)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackComplete} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the scanning is complete. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b Write} (const char *path, const std::list< {\b Entry} > &entries){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A utility function to write the entries to a file. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b Read} (const char *path, std::list< {\b Entry} > &entries){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGP}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A utility function to read the entries from a file. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This scans a supplied path and stores the results. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackUpdate\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath\:CallbackUpdate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool CallbackUpdate (const size_t {\i numFiles}, const size_t {\i numFolders}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the scanning status is updated. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid True allows the scan to continue. False terminates the scan as quickly as possible. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCompleted\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath\:GetCompleted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCompleted (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the completion state of the last scan. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A completed scan returns true, a pending scan returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Start\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath\:Start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Start (const char * {\i path}, std::list< {\b Entry} > & {\i result}, const bool {\i recurse} = {\f2 false}, const bool {\i justFiles} = {\f2 true}, const bool {\i multiThread} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts scanning a path using an optional new thread. If a scan is already running the previous scan is stopped. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i path} \cell }{The path to start scanning from. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i result} \cell }{The std::list<RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath::Entry> to use for storing results of the scan. The result is not cleared when the scan starts allowing results on other scans to be appended to the std::list. To access the result before the scan is finished use pairs of {\b ScanPath::Lock()}/UnLock() to lock access to the result variable using the thread mutex. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i recurse} \cell }{By default recursive scanning of the input path is disabled. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i justFiles} \cell }{By default only file names are added to the results of the scan. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i multiThread} \cell }{By default the scan does not use an extra thread. Using true will start a thread to start scanning and {\b Start()} will return immediately. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::ScanPath\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Stop (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the current scan if it is running. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Security Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Security}
{\xe \v Security}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHE}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Security.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Security:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1Security__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for Security:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1Security__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Security} (const char *lobbyDSN){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Stop} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetTotalNumBlocked} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetSecurityRoute} (const char *securityRoute){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetMaxCurrentBlocks} (const int maxCurrentBlocks=1000){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b RemoveAllBlocksNow} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int {\b GetNumBlockedThisSession} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ThreadEntry} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class implements a security service that will detect typical intrusion attempts and mitigate them:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Windows server multiple failed USER logons from remote addresses are blocked by updating the routing table. Information is stored in the following database tables:\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
IPBlockListFromLoginFail \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ThreadEntry\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Security}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Security\:ThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int ThreadEntry (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The thread starts executing from here. \par
}{
Implements {\b ThreadClass} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
AdvertiseClient::ServerInfo Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v AdvertiseClient::ServerInfo}
{\xe \v AdvertiseClient::ServerInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWM}
Collaboration diagram for AdvertiseClient::ServerInfo:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1AdvertiseClient_1_1ServerInfo__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b StartLatencyCalculate} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b GetLatency} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b GetPacketLoss} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWP}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mURL}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLoginID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPAddress} {\b mExternalIP}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mWantPing}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mPingTries}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mLastPingSentTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b mPacketsLost}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mReplies}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mTotalRoundTripTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mPingAcked}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXA}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Service Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Service}
{\xe \v Service}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHN}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Service.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Service:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1Service__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Service} (const char *internalServiceName, const char *displayServiceName)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Create} (const char *userName=0, const char *password=0, const bool autoStart=true, const bool restartOnError=true, const char *longDescription=0, const char *dependencies=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Stop} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHP}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Delete} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHQ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deletes the service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Execute} (const bool setCurrentDirectory=true, const bool storeLastDebugPrint=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b Main} (int argc=0, char **argv=0)=0\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b SetDebugNames} (const char *internalServiceName, const char *displayServiceName){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHR}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the debug printing names without instantiating this class. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b SetDebugOutput} (const char *verboseDebugFile, const char *profileDebugFile, const char *errorDebugFile, const int fileSize){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetRegistry} (const char *name, const char *value, const bool userModifiableKey=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b SetRegistry} (const char *name, const int value, const bool userModifiableKey=false){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetRegistry} (const char *name, std::string &value, const bool userModifiableKey=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetRegistry} (const char *name, int &value, const bool userModifiableKey=false){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b SetArgs} (int argc=0, char **argv=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the arguments to use for this service. On Windows platforms these are stored in the registry. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetArgs} (int &argc, char **&argv){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the arguments to use for this service. On Windows platforms these are stored in the registry. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b DebugPrint} (const char *,...){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHX}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A utility function that allows the user to output debug information as the service is running. This debug information is stored for display by RLSrvMonitor so do not use this to display confidential information. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b DebugPrintNoParams} (const char *){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHY}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Same as DebugPrint except that the input text has no parameter parsing so it uses slightly less CPU time and memory. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b SetDebugLine} (const char *buffer){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHZ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A utility function that allows the user to output debug information as the service is running. This gets set into the RLSrvMonitor/RLServerMonitor accessible debug line and should not be used for confidential information. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetDebugLine} (std::string &buffer){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIA}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieves the last line from DebugPrint for the current service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetDebugLine} (const char *serviceName, std::string &buffer)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetServiceList} (std::list< std::string > &services)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b DebugOut} (const char *,...){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A utility function that allows the user to output debug information as the service is running. This does not get set into the RLSrvMonitor/RLServerMonitor accessible debug line and can be used for more confidential information. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b DebugPrintFile} (const char *text){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A utility function that allows the user to output debug information to a file. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b GetSystemCPUMetrics} (float &userPercent, float &kernelPercent){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACID}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static const char * {\b GetInternalServiceName} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static const char * {\b GetDisplayServiceName} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static std::string {\b GetFileVersion} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static std::string {\b GetUserInfo} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b NeedToExitMain} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACII}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if the Main function needs to exit. This must be tested fairly regularly by the Main function. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b CreateRegistry} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b DebugPrintCommon} (char *buffer){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b DebugPrintCommonStore} (char *buffer){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Implements a service. Only one instance of this class may be allocated in a process. On Windows platforms the service is executed by the service scheduler. On Linux platforms the service runs as a separate process. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Service\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:Service}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Service} (const char * {\i internalServiceName}, const char * {\i displayServiceName})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialises this service with the parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i internalServiceName} \cell }{If there are different platform builds of the same service it is a good idea, but not mandatory, to postfix internalServiceName with ".x32" or ".x64". The _SrvCommon.cpp file does this automatically. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Create\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Create (const char * {\i userName} = {\f2 0}, const char * {\i password} = {\f2 0}, const bool {\i autoStart} = {\f2 true}, const bool {\i restartOnError} = {\f2 true}, const char * {\i longDescription} = {\f2 0}, const char * {\i dependencies} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates and installs a service using this process. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userName} \cell }{Optional user name (account) to use for this service installation. Otherwise the default local system account will be used. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i password} \cell }{The password for the userName \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i autoStart} \cell }{When true the service will automatically start when the operating system starts. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i restartOnError} \cell }{If true and the Main function generates an exception this will restart the service. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longDescription} \cell }{Optional human readable text description for this service. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Execute\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:Execute}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Execute (const bool {\i setCurrentDirectory} = {\f2 true}, const bool {\i storeLastDebugPrint} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Call this to start running the application as a service {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i setCurrentDirectory} \cell }{When true the service will set the current process directory to be the directory of the executable. This is to allow compatibility with processes that expect the current directory to be the execution directory. When false and running under Windows the current directory will most likely be something similar to WINDIR% depending on the OS version. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i storeLastDebugPrint} \cell }{When true this stores the last debug print line in the registry. Useful as an aid to debugging. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetDebugLine\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:GetDebugLine}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetDebugLine (const char * {\i serviceName}, std::string & {\i buffer}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieves the last line from DebugPrint for a service name. If the service name is postfixed with ".x32" or ".x64" the relevant service is queried, otherwise the service matching the calling process type is queried. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetRegistry\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:GetRegistry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetRegistry (const char * {\i name}, std::string & {\i value}, const bool {\i userModifiableKey} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the registry values for this service. If it fails value is left unchanged. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userModifiableKey} \cell }{See SetRegistry for an explanation of this parameter. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetServiceList\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:GetServiceList}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetServiceList (std::list< std::string > & {\i services}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the list of service names that are installed. Can return the service name prefixed with "x32." or "x64." if the service is registered to a different process type. \par
}}
{\xe \v Main\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:Main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int Main (int {\i argc} = {\f2 0}, char ** {\i argv} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The main work function which must be implemented. Any unhandled exception (such as accessing an invalid memory address) will be caught by this {\b Service} class and will usually cause the service to restart if configured. \par
}{
Implemented in {\b MyService} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetRegistry\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::Service\:SetRegistry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetRegistry (const char * {\i name}, const char * {\i value}, const bool {\i userModifiableKey} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the registry values for this service {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i userModifiableKey} \cell }{By default this is false and will access keys in the "Replica Software\\Managed Services" service configuration area. When true this will access keys in the "User Modifiable" sub-key that has full access for the installed service user account. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_NData::SessionBlock_NData Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_NData::SessionBlock_NData}
{\xe \v DataBlock_NData::SessionBlock_NData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIQ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SessionBlock_NData} (int datasize){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIR}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mDiscardOrder}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void * {\b mTestData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mLastUpdateSentLocalTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mNumForcedUpdates}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIV}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataBlock_Predict_Float::SessionBlock_Predict_Float Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::SessionBlock_Predict_Float}
{\xe \v DataBlock_Predict_Float::SessionBlock_Predict_Float}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mDiscardOrder}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mContinuityBreak}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAME}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mTestData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mDelta}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b mSample}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mSampleTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mImplementTeleport}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SysTimeType {\b mLastUpdateSentLocalTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mNumForcedUpdates}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAML}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StatServer::SessionData Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StatServer::SessionData}
{\xe \v StatServer::SessionData}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJZ}
Collaboration diagram for StatServer::SessionData:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1StatServer_1_1SessionData__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::map< int, {\b LoginIDData} > {\b mDataByLoginID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mClientOKToUpload}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mGettingScriptID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mGettingTitleID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mSessionStarted}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mSessionScriptID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mSessionTitleID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b DynamicMessageHelper} {\b mScriptData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mCapturingLoginIDPairs}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKI}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SessionPacket_Header Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SessionPacket_Header}
{\xe \v SessionPacket_Header}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHK}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <XPSession.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
short {\b mDestinationSession}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
short {\b mSourceSession}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned char {\b mPacketTypeAndChecksum}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generic session message header \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v mDestinationSession\:RNReplicaNet::SessionPacket_Header}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SessionPacket_Header\:mDestinationSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
short mDestinationSession}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Destination session ID for this packet \par
}}
{\xe \v mPacketTypeAndChecksum\:RNReplicaNet::SessionPacket_Header}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SessionPacket_Header\:mPacketTypeAndChecksum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned char mPacketTypeAndChecksum}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The internal type of the packet as a bit field \par
}}
{\xe \v mSourceSession\:RNReplicaNet::SessionPacket_Header}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SessionPacket_Header\:mSourceSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
short mSourceSession}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Source session ID for this packet \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StatClient Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StatClient}
{\xe \v StatClient}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIT}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a connection to the {\b StatServer}. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <StatClient.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for StatClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1StatClient__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for StatClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1StatClient__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIU}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Because this uses a TransportUDP connection it will call {\b XPURL::RegisterDefaultTransports()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetServer} (const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b WantToUpload} (const char *userNonce, const int scriptID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b UploadData} (const void *data, const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b BeginSession} (const int scriptID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Begins a statistics tracking session. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b UpdatePairsBegin} (const char *userNonce){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For a supplied user nonce begin updating value pairs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b UpdatePairsValue} (const char *name, const char *value=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIX}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a value pair to the server. The name and value string is limited to 128 chars. (StatServerPrivate::kMaximumPairValueSize) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b UpdatePairsValue} (const char *name, const int value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIY}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a value pair to the server. The name is limited to 128 chars. (StatServerPrivate::kMaximumPairValueSize) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b UpdatePairsValue} (const char *name, const float value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIZ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a value pair to the server. The name is limited to 128 chars. (StatServerPrivate::kMaximumPairValueSize) }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b UpdatePairsEnd} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJA}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
End updating the current batch of value pairs. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b EndSession} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackConnectionEstablished} ({\b Transport} *transport)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
User extensible callbacks. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUploadAuthenticationFailure} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the userNonce from {\b WantToUpload()} fails the authentication check. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUploadAuthenticationSuccess} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the userNonce from {\b WantToUpload()} passes the authentication check. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUploadACK} (const int scriptID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when {\b UploadData()} succeeds. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackBeginSession} (){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJE}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the {\b StatServer} processes the {\b BeginSession()} request. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackEndSession} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackEndSessionScriptNotFound} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackEndSessionScriptNotCompleted} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b CallbackTidy} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CallbackPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CallbackParseValidMessage} ({\b Transport} *transport, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, const size_t length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b InitInternalState} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJF}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPAddress} {\b mServerAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mServerAddressSet}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mCanUpload}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mInASession}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mUpdatingPairs}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJK}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a connection to the {\b StatServer}. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CallbackConnectionEstablished\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:CallbackConnectionEstablished}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackConnectionEstablished ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
User extensible callbacks. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the {\b StatClient} connects the the {\b StatServer}. \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackEndSession\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:CallbackEndSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackEndSession (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the {\b StatServer} has finished processing the session. Even if there is an error processing the session this callback is called. \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackEndSessionScriptNotCompleted\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:CallbackEndSessionScriptNotCompleted}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackEndSessionScriptNotCompleted (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the {\b StatServer} is unable to complete a script. Most likely due to an exception or the script taking too long to execute. This is called before {\b CallbackEndSession()} \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackEndSessionScriptNotFound\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:CallbackEndSessionScriptNotFound}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackEndSessionScriptNotFound (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the {\b StatServer} is unable to find the script. This is called before {\b CallbackEndSession()} \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParseValidMessage\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:CallbackParseValidMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CallbackParseValidMessage ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, const size_t {\i length}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. If a MessageHelper::Exception() is caught by this server class the connection will be terminated. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackPoll\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:CallbackPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CallbackPoll (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. This can be called with or without a valid mTransport \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackTidy\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:CallbackTidy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void CallbackTidy (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to tidy allocation of objects when the thread terminates. The class mutex is locked when executing this callback. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v EndSession\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:EndSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool EndSession (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
End the statistics tracking session and start the script processing on the {\b StatServer}. On the {\b StatServer} for each authenticated player this calls the script function ProcessPlayer with the loginID in its own thread. The script function ProcessGame is also called once in its own thread. Each player and tracking session thread has an allocated 2000 script cycles to complete the work and update stats. It is a good idea to use the RNSimpleScriptDebugger to measure how many cycles each function takes. An example script, note the standard include header BootStat of the AsmBranch commands (each 5 bytes) for the script entry point. This BootStat file can instead be included first in the input file list. {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     #include <BootStat>\par
\par
    DefProc ProcessPlayer(loginID)\par
    EndProc\par
\par
    DefProc ProcessGame()\par
    EndProc\par
}
 Using this standard script it is possible to use the debugger to call the second branch using the command line, using 5 (5 bytes for the AsmBranch) as the start address: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid RNSimpleScriptDebugger.exe script.bin 5 script.bnd }
 \par
}}
{\xe \v SetServer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:SetServer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetServer (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the address and port of the server. The default for the instance of the class is localhost and port StatServer::kDefaultPort or the address resolved by a successful {\b BackendClient::Start()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The new address and port number to use for the server \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v UploadData\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:UploadData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool UploadData (const void * {\i data}, const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Following a successful request to {\b WantToUpload()} this function must be used to transfer script data to the server. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{The size of the data to send. Currently there is a limit of 64 kilobytes (65536 bytes) (StatServerPrivate::kMaximumScriptSize). \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v WantToUpload\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::StatClient\:WantToUpload}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool WantToUpload (const char * {\i userNonce}, const int {\i scriptID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Using a user nonce, returned from {\b UserClient::RequestUserNonce()}, request to upload a script with the corresponding ID. {\b CallbackUploadAuthenticationFailure()} is called if the userNonce authentication fails. {\b CallbackUploadAuthenticationSuccess()} is called if the userNonce authentication succeeds. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StatServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StatServer}
{\xe \v StatServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJT}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <StatServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for StatServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1StatServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for StatServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1StatServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b LoginIDData}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b SessionData}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 4010
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b StatServer} (const char *lobbyDSN=MRNLobbyDefaultDSN){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (const {\b XPAddress} &address={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort)){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Because this uses a TransportUDP connection it will call {\b XPURL::RegisterDefaultTransports()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumTotal} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the total number of stats sessions. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handles requests for statistics Statistics server specific information is stored in the following database tables:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
StatAdminUsers \par}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
std_datablock Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v std_datablock}
{\xe \v std_datablock}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFN}
Inheritance diagram for std_datablock:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1std__datablock__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for std_datablock:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1std__datablock__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Reliable} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Certain} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Ordered} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Unreliable} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Manual} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Automatic} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ForceReflectionUpdate} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetUpdateDelayMinimum} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetForceSendMaximumUpdates} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SetForceSendTimeDelay} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This ROL class defines the base mechanism used in all other datablocks. See the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for a detailed description of datablocks. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Automatic\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:Automatic}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Automatic ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the datablock updates to be automatic \par
}}
{\xe \v Certain\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:Certain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Certain ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the datablock update use the certain method \par
}}
{\xe \v ForceReflectionUpdate\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:ForceReflectionUpdate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
ForceReflectionUpdate ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Uses DataBlock::SetForceReflectionUpdate(true). See {\b DataBlock::SetForceReflectionUpdate()} in the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for details. \par
}}
{\xe \v Manual\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:Manual}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Manual ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the datablock updates to be manual rather than automatic \par
}}
{\xe \v Ordered\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:Ordered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Ordered ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the datablock update use the unreliable ordered method \par
}}
{\xe \v Reliable\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:Reliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Reliable ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the datablock update use the reliable method \par
}}
{\xe \v SetForceSendMaximumUpdates\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:SetForceSendMaximumUpdates}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetForceSendMaximumUpdates ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b DataBlock::SetForceSendMaximumUpdates()} in the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for details. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetForceSendTimeDelay\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:SetForceSendTimeDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetForceSendTimeDelay ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b DataBlock::SetForceSendTimeDelay()} in the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for details. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetUpdateDelayMinimum\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:SetUpdateDelayMinimum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SetUpdateDelayMinimum ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
See {\b DataBlock::SetUpdateDelayMinimum()} in the {\b ReplicaNet} documentation for details. \par
}}
{\xe \v Unreliable\:RNReplicaNet::std_datablock}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::std_datablock\:Unreliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Unreliable ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the datablock update use the unreliable method \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SystemTime Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SystemTime}
{\xe \v SystemTime}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wYear}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wMonth}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wDayOfWeek}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wDay}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wHour}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wMinute}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wSecond}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned short {\b wMilliseconds}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCU}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SysTime Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SysTime}
{\xe \v SysTime}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCV}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <SysTime.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for SysTime:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1SysTime__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SysTime} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~SysTime} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
SysTimeType {\b FloatTime} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Reset} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static unsigned int {\b GetTickCount} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b GetSystemTime} ({\b SystemTime} *sysTime){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A replacement for the Win32 API {\b GetSystemTime()} and struct SYSTEMTIME. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables a high performance timer to be used. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SysTime\:RNReplicaNet::SysTime}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SysTime\:SysTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b SysTime} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~SysTime\:RNReplicaNet::SysTime}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SysTime\:~SysTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b SysTime} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v FloatTime\:RNReplicaNet::SysTime}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SysTime\:FloatTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SysTimeType FloatTime (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Read the current time and return the time as a SysTimeType which uses floating point. Use the preprocessor define REPLICANET_TIME_FLOAT or REPLICANET_TIME_DOUBLE to force SysTimeType to be a float or a double. By default the type is double. \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Init(), XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics(), and XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
{\xe \v GetTickCount\:RNReplicaNet::SysTime}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SysTime\:GetTickCount}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static unsigned int GetTickCount (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The number of milliseconds that have elapsed since the system was started. \par
}}}
{\xe \v Reset\:RNReplicaNet::SysTime}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::SysTime\:Reset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Reset (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Resets the time back to zero. Effectively initialising this class again. \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CodeServer::CodeEntry::ThisLess Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CodeServer::CodeEntry::ThisLess}
{\xe \v CodeServer::CodeEntry::ThisLess}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b operator()} (const std::string &s1, const std::string &s2) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCK}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Thread Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Thread}
{\xe \v Thread}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Thread.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Thread:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Thread__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Thread} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~Thread} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Begin} ({\b ThreadClass} *threaded_class)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Terminate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetTerminated} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetEverTerminated} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetIsRunning} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPreferredProcessor} (int processor=kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPreferredProcessor} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b CallThreadEntry} ({\b ThreadClass} *thread_class)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetCurrentProcessorNumber} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static size_t {\b GetNumAllocated} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static size_t {\b GetNumActive} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b ThreadClass}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDF}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This {\b Thread} class handles creating a class that can be automatically threaded. A threaded class inherits methods from {\b ThreadClass}. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Thread\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:Thread}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Thread} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~Thread\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:~Thread}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b Thread} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure the thread is terminated. NOTE: If this class and the {\b ThreadClass} are part of the same class hierarchy then {\b Terminate()} must be explicitly called and not rely on this destructor. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Begin\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:Begin}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Begin ({\b ThreadClass} * {\i threaded_class})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This begins the thread in the specified {\b ThreadClass} class. This resets the {\b GetTerminated()} flag to false but does not reset {\b GetEverTerminated()}. Execution begins from {\b ThreadClass::ThreadEntry()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i threaded_class} \cell }{the pointer to the class that inherits from {\b ThreadClass} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallThreadEntry\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:CallThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int CallThreadEntry ({\b ThreadClass} * {\i thread_class}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a static method where the class starts its thread from {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i thread_class} \cell }{the threaded class pointer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetCurrentProcessorNumber\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:GetCurrentProcessorNumber}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int GetCurrentProcessorNumber (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current processor number being used from the context of the calling thread, not the running context of this class since this is a static member. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetEverTerminated\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:GetEverTerminated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetEverTerminated (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if {\b Terminate()} was used at all and is not reset by {\b Begin()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetIsRunning\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:GetIsRunning}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetIsRunning (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the execution status of the thread \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid return true if the thread is running \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPreferredProcessor\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:GetPreferredProcessor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPreferredProcessor (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value set by {\b SetPreferredProcessor()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetTerminated\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:GetTerminated}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetTerminated (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns true if {\b Terminate()} was used after the last {\b Begin()}. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPreferredProcessor\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:SetPreferredProcessor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPreferredProcessor (int {\i processor} = {\f2 kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the preferred processor this thread will execute on. This function is OS dependant. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i processor} \cell }{The preferred processor. The default value is kReplicaNetPreferredProcessorOSChoice which allows the OS to choose a processor. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Terminate\:RNReplicaNet::Thread}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Thread\:Terminate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Terminate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Terminates the thread of the class bound to this {\b Thread}. The caller must not be in the context of the running thread. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ThreadClass Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ThreadClass}
{\xe \v ThreadClass}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDW}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ThreadClass.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for ThreadClass:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1ThreadClass__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for ThreadClass:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1ThreadClass__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ThreadClass} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~ThreadClass} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Sleep} (int milliseconds)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DoQuitNow} (const int returnCode)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b ThreadEntry} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b ThreadExiting} (const int returnCode)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b CheckQuit} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static size_t {\b GetNumAllocated} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDX}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b Thread}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is a class that the thread manager can thread with. Entry for a thread starts at ThreadEntry. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ThreadClass\:RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass\:ThreadClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ThreadClass} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~ThreadClass\:RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass\:~ThreadClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b ThreadClass} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CheckQuit\:RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass\:CheckQuit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void CheckQuit (void ){\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If {\b Thread::Terminate()} has been called then using this function will exit the thread. \par
}}
{\xe \v DoQuitNow\:RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass\:DoQuitNow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DoQuitNow (const int {\i returnCode}){\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This exits the thread and can only be used in the context of the thread. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i returnCode} \cell }{The return code. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Sleep\:RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass\:Sleep}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Sleep (int {\i milliseconds})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sleeps the thread for the class by the number of milliseconds supplied. This uses the CurrentThreadSleep() function. Internally this is a point where the thread can be cancelled by {\b Thread::Terminate()}. The thread must not have any mutex object with a current lock when {\b Sleep()} is called otherwise a deadlock situation may develop. Memory should not be allocated on the heap at this point unless it can be freed by {\b ThreadExiting()} or the class dtor. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i milliseconds} \cell }{the sleep time in milliseconds \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ThreadEntry\:RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass\:ThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int ThreadEntry (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The thread starts executing from here. \par
}{
Implemented in {\b AdvertiseClient::PingServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b ASyncUpdateCheck} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Worker} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b BaseServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Security} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ThreadExiting\:RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::ThreadClass\:ThreadExiting}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void ThreadExiting (const int {\i returnCode}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called just before the thread exits, from the context of the thread. \par
}{
Reimplemented in {\b Worker} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BackendServer::TitleIDInfo Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BackendServer::TitleIDInfo}
{\xe \v BackendServer::TitleIDInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXT}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mKey}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mSupportExpired}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvAdvertiseAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvAdvertisePort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvAdvertiseCrypto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvCodeAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvCodePort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvCodeCrypto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvNATAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvNATPort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvNATCrypto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvNATDetect1Address}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvNATDetect1Port}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvNATDetect2Address}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvNATDetect2Port}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvNATDetectCrypto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvStatAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvStatPort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvStatCrypto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvUserAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvUserPort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvUserCrypto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvCloudAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mRLSrvCloudPort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mRLSrvCloudCrypto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYS}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transport Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transport}
{\xe \v Transport}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Transport.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transport:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Transport__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Error} \{ {\b kTransport_EOK} = 0, 
{\b kTransport_EERROR} = -1, 
{\b kTransport_ECANTLISTENONCHANNEL} = -2, 
{\b kTransport_EWAITING} = -3
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Bandwidth} \{ {\b kBandwidth_Off} = 0, 
{\b kBandwidth_Connection} = 1
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Transport} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~Transport} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetPacketsSent} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetPacketsSentMerged} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetPacketsSentSize} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetPacketsReceived} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetPacketsReceivedMerged} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetPacketsReceivedSize} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetPacketsLost} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b SetBandwidthLimit} (const Bandwidth enable=kBandwidth_Off)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual Bandwidth {\b GetBandwidthLimit} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b SetMaximumOutputBandwidth} (const int bytesPerSecond=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetMaximumOutputBandwidth} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b SetMaximumInputBandwidth} (const int bytesPerSecond=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetMaximumInputBandwidth} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::string {\b GetPeerURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b GetTransportClosed} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b SetEnableLANDiscovery} (const bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b GetEnableLANDiscovery} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::string {\b CanAccept} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::string {\b CanRoute} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::string {\b ExportURL} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Transport} * {\b Allocate} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b Listen} (const int channel=TransportAnyGameChannel)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b Listen} (const std::string &address)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b Connect} (const std::string address)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Transport} * {\b Accept} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b Send} (const char *data, const int len)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b SendOrdered} (const char *data, const int len, const unsigned int band=0)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b SendReliable} (const char *data, const int len, const unsigned int band=0)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b SendCertain} (const char *data, const int len)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b Recv} (char *const data, const int maxlen)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetMaxPacketSize} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::string {\b HandleDiscovery} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b HandleDiscoveryReply} (const std::string reply)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b BeginDiscovery} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::string {\b GetNextDiscovery} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b Error} {\b GetStatus} (void)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetInstance} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression} (const int level=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b GetTransparentPacketCompression} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual base class that defines a transport layer. Each new {\b Transport} is a potential connection to the outside world or a method by which a machine can connect to another machine. Each transport can use any means necessary to accomplish this connection. Each new implementation of a transport class must support the operation of the base class pure virtual members. Naturally a transport need not support the virtual members as default values are returned for these.\par The terms "Reliable", "Unreliable" and "Certain" are references to the three packet delivery types used by {\b ReplicaNet}, {\b XPSession} and {\b XPURL} {\b Transport} classes.\par "Reliable" guarantees delivery of data in the same order it was sent.\par "Certain" guarantees delivery of data but the order the data is received may not be preserved.\par "Unreliable" does not guarantee delivery of data and the order of the data when it is received may not be preserved.\par In general it is a good idea to not use too many "Reliable" updates because this method is quite expensive in terms of network and memory performance. If one packet gets lost it will delay the delivery of all other Reliable data until that packet is resent. The better choice would be to use "Certain" because this is less expensive in terms of memory and network performance. Also if one Certain packet is lost the delivery of other Certain packets is not delayed. Generally use Reliable for those events that absolutely must occur in the same order they were sent.\par \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Enumeration Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Error\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b Error}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Standard {\b Transport} errors \par
}{{{\b Enumerator}}\par
\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\xe \v kTransport_EOK\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:kTransport_EOK}
{\b {\i kTransport_EOK{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPE}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No error \par
}{\xe \v kTransport_EERROR\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:kTransport_EERROR}
{\b {\i kTransport_EERROR{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPF}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A fatal error happened, like the connection broke and cannot be recovered \par
}{\xe \v kTransport_ECANTLISTENONCHANNEL\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:kTransport_ECANTLISTENONCHANNEL}
{\b {\i kTransport_ECANTLISTENONCHANNEL{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPG}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Non-fatal, the transport couldn't listen on the channel. The usual response by the user is to then try to listen on AnyGameChannel \par
}{\xe \v kTransport_EWAITING\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:kTransport_EWAITING}
{\b {\i kTransport_EWAITING{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPH}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Non-fatal, the transport is in the process of waiting to connect or for a connection or to listen \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Transport\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Transport}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Transport} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~Transport\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:~Transport}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b Transport} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Accept\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Accept}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Transport}* Accept (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Accepts the first pending connection from another {\b Transport} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns NULL if there are no pending {\b Transport} connections or a new {\b Transport} pointer that can be used to communicate with \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Allocate\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Allocate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Transport}* Allocate (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Used to allocate a transport of the relevant class type \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a {\b Transport} pointer \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v BeginDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:BeginDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void BeginDiscovery (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This starts the discovery cycle to try to find other transports \par
}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CanAccept\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:CanAccept}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual std::string CanAccept (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables a {\b Transport} to state which type of protocol it can receive. Each protocol type is separated by a comma. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the comma separated list of protocols supported by the {\b Transport} \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CanRoute\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:CanRoute}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual std::string CanRoute (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables a {\b Transport} to state which type of protocol it can route. Each protocol type is separated by a comma. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the comma separated list of protocols routed by the {\b Transport} \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Connect\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Connect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} Connect (const std::string {\i address}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to connect to a specified address {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{the address to connect to \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ExportURL\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:ExportURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual std::string ExportURL (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Exports a URL that is used by this transport and can be used by other Transports to locate this transport. The format of the URL follows this convention: <TransportType><data>/ \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the URL to locate this transport \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetBandwidthLimit\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetBandwidthLimit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual Bandwidth GetBandwidthLimit (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetBandwidthLimit()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetEnableLANDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetEnableLANDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool GetEnableLANDiscovery (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetEnableLANDiscovery()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value. \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetInstance\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetInstance (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current instance of this {\b Transport} compared to all Transports allocated in this session. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetMaximumInputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetMaximumInputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetMaximumInputBandwidth (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b GetMaximumInputBandwidth()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value. \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetMaximumOutputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetMaximumOutputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetMaximumOutputBandwidth (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetMaximumOutputBandwidth()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetMaxPacketSize\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetMaxPacketSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetMaxPacketSize (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the maximum packet size that can be transmitted over this {\b Transport}. The base spec requires a {\b Transport} to cope with packets of at least the number of bytes defined by TransportMinimumPacketSize \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the maximum packet size that can be transmitted \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetNextDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetNextDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual std::string GetNextDiscovery (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is the function that can be used to discover other similar transports that can be connected to. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns a URL, which is the URL passed in by {\b HandleDiscoveryReply()} \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsLost\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPacketsLost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetPacketsLost (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of packets that were lost and had to be resent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsReceived\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPacketsReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetPacketsReceived (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of packets that were received. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsReceivedMerged\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPacketsReceivedMerged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetPacketsReceivedMerged (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of merged packets that were received. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsReceivedSize\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPacketsReceivedSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetPacketsReceivedSize (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total size of packets that were received. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsSent\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPacketsSent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetPacketsSent (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of packets that were sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsSentMerged\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPacketsSentMerged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetPacketsSentMerged (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of merged packets that were sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsSentSize\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPacketsSentSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetPacketsSentSize (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total size of packets that were sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPeerURL\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetPeerURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual std::string GetPeerURL (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If connected this gets the URL of the other transport. It is possible this function will return a null ("") string when connected if the transport provider does not support this functionality. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the URL of the peer transport. \par
}}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetStatus\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} GetStatus (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of this transport \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the status \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetTransparentPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetTransparentPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int GetTransparentPacketCompression (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression()} to be read. Transports that do not support this functioanlity will always return 0 regardless of any calls to {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetTransportClosed\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:GetTransportClosed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool GetTransportClosed (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If this returns false the transport was closed due to an error such as a timeout. If this returns true then the transport was gracefully closed without an error.  The default is to return false. \par
}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v HandleDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:HandleDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual std::string HandleDiscovery (void ){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a discovery is pending this will return the URL of the source machine that made a discovery request \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the URL of the machine attempting a discovery or a "" string \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v HandleDiscoveryReply\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:HandleDiscoveryReply}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void HandleDiscoveryReply (const std::string {\i reply}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function handles the reply URL that is passed back to the previous calling machine of {\b HandleDiscovery()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reply} \cell }{the reply string to send \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Listen\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} Listen (const int {\i channel} = {\f2 TransportAnyGameChannel}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets this {\b Transport} to listen on a certain channel. The default channel is defined as AnyGameChannel {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channel} \cell }{the channel to listen on, for example DefaultGameChannel. This parameter need not be passed in, in which case AnyGameChannel is used. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Listen\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} Listen (const std::string & {\i address}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets this {\b Transport} to listen on a certain address. The default blank address is defined by the implemented {\b Transport}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The address to listen on prefixed by the transport's {\b CanAccept()} string. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Recv\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Recv}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual int Recv (char *const {\i data}, const int {\i maxlen}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to receive data pending at this {\b Transport}. Data packets received by this method are not merged together. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data buffer to use \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxlen} \cell }{the maximum length of this data buffer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the length of the data received or zero for no data pending. If maxlen is too small the size of the next packet is still returned but the packet data is not returned. The next function call should use an increased maxlen size for the packet. \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Send\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:Send}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} Send (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "unreliable" method without using any form of packet loss correction.\par This method of sending packets is very cheap since there is no packet loss correction. Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SendCertain\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SendCertain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} SendCertain (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "certain" method that guarantees delivery of packets but does not gaurantee the packet receive order is maintained.\par This method is less expensive than the "reliable" method because send and receive order is not preserved. Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SendOrdered\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SendOrdered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} SendOrdered (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "unreliable ordered" method without using any form of packet loss correction.\par This method of sending packets is very cheap since there is no packet loss correction. Packets will be received at the destination in order. Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{This optional parameter allows the user to send ordered packets and ensure they are in original order grouped by band. This parameter is optional for a {\b Transport} to support and if supported the {\b Transport} may only support a limited number of bands. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SendReliable\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SendReliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual {\b Error} SendReliable (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "reliable" method that guarantees packets are received in the same order they are sent.\par This method of sending packets is the most expensive in terms of CPU time and memory buffers Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{This optional parameter allows the user to send reliable packets and ensure they are in original order grouped by band. This parameter is optional for a {\b Transport} to support and if supported the {\b Transport} may only support a limited number of bands. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetBandwidthLimit\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SetBandwidthLimit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void SetBandwidthLimit (const Bandwidth {\i enable} = {\f2 kBandwidth_Off}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the bandwidth limit algorithm to be used for this {\b Transport} type. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{The default parameter is kBandwidth_Off which disables any bandwidth limit for this {\b Transport} type. kBandwidth_Connection will turn on bandwidth calculation for each instance and connection using this {\b Transport}. For example, if there are five instances of this {\b Transport} type and kBandwidth_Connection is used with the maximum outgoing bandwidth to be 1000 bytes per second then the maximum combined bandwidth will capped to five times 1000 bytes per second, which is 5000 bytes per second. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetEnableLANDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SetEnableLANDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void SetEnableLANDiscovery (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables LAN discovery of this transport type. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Set this to be true to enable LAN discovery. False will disable LAN discovery. The default is true. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetMaximumInputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SetMaximumInputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void SetMaximumInputBandwidth (const int {\i bytesPerSecond} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum input bandwidth for emulation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bytesPerSecond} \cell }{the bandwidth in bytes per second. The default value is 0 meaning there is no limit. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetMaximumOutputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SetMaximumOutputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void SetMaximumOutputBandwidth (const int {\i bytesPerSecond} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum output bandwidth for emulation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bytesPerSecond} \cell }{the bandwidth in bytes per second. The default value is 0 meaning there is no limit. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented in {\b TransportNATUDP} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetTransparentPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::Transport}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Transport\:SetTransparentPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void SetTransparentPacketCompression (const int {\i level} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows transparent packet compression to be enabled or disabled. Setting this on a {\b Transport} listener will enable accepted Transports to inherit this value. This will only have an effect before a {\b Connect()} or {\b Accept()} call. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{The default is 0 which disables compression. A number between 1 and 10 will enable the extra packet compression where 1 is the fastest compression and 10 is the slowest and best compression. See {\b XPCompression} for details. Compression level 5 is a good trade-off between speed and compression. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TransportConfig Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TransportConfig}
{\xe \v TransportConfig}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSH}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransportConfig.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetResendTimes} (const int numberOfTimes, const float *retryTimes)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b GetResendTimes} (int *numberOfTimes, float *retryTimes)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetPacketBufferTime} (const float maxTime=0.01f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static float {\b GetPacketBufferTime} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b PacketBufferBeginCaptureWindow} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b PacketBufferEndCaptureWindow} (const bool kickBuffer=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetPacketBufferEnable} (const bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetPacketBufferEnable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetPacketMTU} (const int bytes=1306)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetPacketMTU} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetExternalIP} (const std::string address="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static std::string {\b GetExternalIP} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetInfoString} (const std::string info="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static std::string {\b GetInfoString} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetExtraPacketSecurity} (const bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetExtraPacketSecurity} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetIPv4Detection} (const bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetIPv4Detection} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetIPv6Detection} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetIPv6Detection} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetIPv4Detected} (const bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetIPv4Detected} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetIPv6Detected} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetIPv6Detected} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static size_t {\b GetTransparentPacketCompressionBytesSaved} (const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetEnablePacketSelect} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b GetEnablePacketSelect} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class provides low-level access methods for the {\b Transport} mechanism. These values must not be changed once {\b XPURL} (or {\b XPSession} or {\b ReplicaNet}) start to send packets. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GetEnablePacketSelect\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetEnablePacketSelect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetEnablePacketSelect (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetEnablePacketSelect()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetEnablePacketSelect()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetExternalIP\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetExternalIP}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static std::string GetExternalIP (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetExternalIP()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetExternalIP()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetExtraPacketSecurity\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetExtraPacketSecurity}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetExtraPacketSecurity (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetExtraPacketSecurity()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetExtraPacketSecurity()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetInfoString\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetInfoString}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static std::string GetInfoString (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetInfoString()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetInfoString()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPacketBufferEnable\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetPacketBufferEnable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool GetPacketBufferEnable (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetPacketBufferEnable()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetPacketBufferEnable()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPacketBufferTime\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetPacketBufferTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static float GetPacketBufferTime (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allow the packet buffer time to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The current packet buffer time. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPacketMTU\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetPacketMTU}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int GetPacketMTU (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetPacketMTU()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetPacketMTU()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetResendTimes\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetResendTimes}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void GetResendTimes (int * {\i numberOfTimes}, float * {\i retryTimes}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABST}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABST}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the resend time delays to be read. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numberOfTimes} \cell }{A pointer to an int to contain the number of times a packet is resent. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i retryTimes} \cell }{If not null an array of floats large enough to accept the resend times. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetTransparentPacketCompressionBytesSaved\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:GetTransparentPacketCompressionBytesSaved}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static size_t GetTransparentPacketCompressionBytesSaved (const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the numbers of bytes saved. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{If true then the counter is reset \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v PacketBufferBeginCaptureWindow\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:PacketBufferBeginCaptureWindow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void PacketBufferBeginCaptureWindow (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the packet buffer time window to be fine tuned by allowing the application to start buffering all sent packets, regardless of the time specified by {\b SetPacketBufferTime()}. Packets will only be sent when the buffers become full. A matching call to PacketBufferEndCapture() must be made to signify when normal packet buffering configured by {\b SetPacketBufferTime()} is resumed. \par
}}
{\xe \v PacketBufferEndCaptureWindow\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:PacketBufferEndCaptureWindow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void PacketBufferEndCaptureWindow (const bool {\i kickBuffer} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is the matching call to PacketBufferBeginCapture() and signifies the end of the packet buffer window. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i kickBuffer} \cell }{If true the currently buffered packets will be sent by this function call. If false the currently buffered packets will wait until the time configured by {\b SetPacketBufferTime()} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetEnablePacketSelect\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetEnablePacketSelect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetEnablePacketSelect (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the packet select code to be configured. If enabled with true then the packet update loop will be optimised to use packet selects, which will wait for packet data to arrive. Only enable this if the {\b XPURL::Poll()} method is set to automatuic poll and is never called from outside the {\b XPURL} update thread. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{The default is false which will disable the packet select code. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetExternalIP\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetExternalIP}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetExternalIP (const std::string {\i address} = {\f2 ""}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the external IP address of this machine for machines that have a LAN IP and also external IP so that the UDP {\b Transport} will report the external IP instead of the internal IP. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The text IP address to set, for example "1.2.3.4". The default is "" meaning that the machine's real IP address will be reported. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetExtraPacketSecurity\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetExtraPacketSecurity}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetExtraPacketSecurity (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the packet security to be enabled or disabled. Versions of RNXPURL prior to 6000 ({\b ReplicaNet} 6200, RNLobby 0700) do not use this extra security. To allow later versions to connect to earlier versions use SetExtraPacketSecurity(false). All old clients will still be able to connect to new servers. Security will be disabled for those connections. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{The default is true which will enable the extra packet security. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetInfoString\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetInfoString}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetInfoString (const std::string {\i info} = {\f2 ""}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the info string is set any UDP or NATUDP listen connection will respond with a server info packet if a "0xff0xff0xff0xffgetinfo" packet is received. The info string is limited to 512 characters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i info} \cell }{The default is "" which will disable the server response. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetIPv4Detected\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetIPv4Detected}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetIPv4Detected (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets if IPv4 capability over the internet has been detected. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetIPv4Detection\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetIPv4Detection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetIPv4Detection (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables detection of IPv4 capability over the internet. By default IPv4 detection is enabled. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetIPv6Detected\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetIPv6Detected}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetIPv6Detected (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets if IPv6 capability over the internet has been detected. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetIPv6Detection\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetIPv6Detection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetIPv6Detection (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables detection of IPv6 capability over the internet. By default IPv6 detection is enabled. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPacketBufferEnable\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetPacketBufferEnable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetPacketBufferEnable (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This can override all other packet buffering settings. If all packet buffering is disabled then this will save memory allocated for potential packet buffers in the future. This is because the {\b PacketBufferBeginCaptureWindow()} could be used at any point in the application and to allow this mechanism to work the transport needs to be warned about there being possible buffered packets. This function must not be used when the network has been started. The default is to enable packet buffering and allocate memory for potential packet buffers. SetPacketBufferEnable(true) should be used if any packet buffers are configured for potential use. This configuration option remains in force for the lifetime of the application until a new function call is made. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i disable} \cell }{If true the memory for packet buffers is allocated. If false memory for packet buffering is not allocated. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPacketBufferTime\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetPacketBufferTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetPacketBufferTime (const float {\i maxTime} = {\f2 0.01f}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allow the packet buffer time to be configured for each {\b Transport}. The larger the buffer time the more individual packets can be merged into one larger packet before sending. The default value is 0.01f which means this feature is enabled. This configuration option remains in force for the lifetime of the application until a new function call is made. \parFor example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferTime(1.0f / 100.0f);\par
    RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig::SetPacketBufferEnable(true);\par
}
 {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxTime} \cell }{The time for the packet buffer. The default value is 0.01f which is 1.0f / 100.0f. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPacketMTU\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetPacketMTU}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetPacketMTU (const int {\i bytes} = {\f2 1306}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the MTU of packets to be set when using packet buffering. {\b ReplicaNet} V5.4 and earlier used an MTU of 554 bytes (512 bytes plus kUDPIPHeaderBytes). To improve performance in the majority of cases the MTU has been increased to 1306, which results in a payload of 1264 bytes plus kUDPIPHeaderBytes. This reduces the number of separate packets being sent over the wire. The value of 1264 has been derived as the lowest common denominator used by various games consoles and operating systems. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bytes} \cell }{The number of bytes on the wire to use as an MTU. The minimum value is 554 (TransportMinimumPacketSize plus kUDPIPHeaderBytes). In most cases the maximum value should not be greater than 1500 minus kUDPIPHeaderBytes. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetResendTimes\:RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::TransportConfig\:SetResendTimes}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetResendTimes (const int {\i numberOfTimes}, const float * {\i retryTimes}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the delay between reliable packets being resent due to failed ACKs to be altered. These options are provided for advanced users to tweak. Changing these settings can make your {\b XPURL} derived network connection unstable, care must be taken. This configuration option remains in force for the lifetime of the application until a new function call is made. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numberOfTimes} \cell }{The number of times a packet is resent before finally being given up as lost. The maximum number of times that can be configured is 60. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i retryTimes} \cell }{The interval in seconds between each resend of a packet. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TransportNATUDP Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v TransportNATUDP}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKJ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransportNATUDP.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for TransportNATUDP:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1TransportNATUDP__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for TransportNATUDP:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1TransportNATUDP__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b TransportNATUDP} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~TransportNATUDP} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPacketsSent} (const bool reset)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPacketsSentMerged} (const bool reset)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPacketsSentSize} (const bool reset)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPacketsReceived} (const bool reset)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPacketsReceivedMerged} (const bool reset)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPacketsReceivedSize} (const bool reset)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPacketsLost} (const bool reset)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetBandwidthLimit} (const Bandwidth enable)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Bandwidth {\b GetBandwidthLimit} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMaximumOutputBandwidth} (const int bytesPerSecond)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetMaximumOutputBandwidth} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMaximumInputBandwidth} (const int bytesPerSecond)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetMaximumInputBandwidth} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b GetPeerURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetTransportClosed} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEnableLANDiscovery} (const bool enable)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetEnableLANDiscovery} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b CanAccept} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b CanRoute} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b ExportURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Transport} * {\b Allocate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b Listen} (const int channel)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b Listen} (const std::string &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b CommonListen} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b Connect} (const std::string address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Transport} * {\b Accept} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b Send} (const char *data, const int len)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b SendOrdered} (const char *data, const int len, const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b SendReliable} (const char *data, const int len, const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b SendCertain} (const char *data, const int len)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Recv} (char *const data, const int maxlen)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetMaxPacketSize} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b HandleDiscovery} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b HandleDiscoveryReply} (const std::string reply)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BeginDiscovery} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b GetNextDiscovery} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b GetStatus} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetBaseTransport} ({\b Transport} *baseTransport){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b SetNATValues} (const bool isAdvertised, const int globalID, const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b GetNATValues} (bool &isAdvertised, int &globalID, int &sessionID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b SetServer} (const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static void {\b ClearServer} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Clears any server set by {\b SetServer()}. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b MyNATResolver}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKO}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A transport class for the NATUDP type of URL. Internally this extends the UDP URL. \par The exported URL is encoded to contain NAT information required to find machines located anywhere on the local network or the internet using an external {\b NATResolver} server. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v TransportNATUDP\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:TransportNATUDP}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b TransportNATUDP} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~TransportNATUDP\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:~TransportNATUDP}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b TransportNATUDP} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Accept\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:Accept}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Transport}* Accept (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Accepts the first pending connection from another {\b Transport} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns NULL if there are no pending {\b Transport} connections or a new {\b Transport} pointer that can be used to communicate with \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Allocate\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:Allocate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Transport}* Allocate (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Used to allocate a transport of the relevant class type \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a {\b Transport} pointer \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v BeginDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:BeginDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BeginDiscovery (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This starts the discovery cycle to try to find other transports \par
}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CanAccept\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:CanAccept}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string CanAccept (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables a {\b Transport} to state which type of protocol it can receive. Each protocol type is separated by a comma. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the comma separated list of protocols supported by the {\b Transport} \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CanRoute\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:CanRoute}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string CanRoute (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables a {\b Transport} to state which type of protocol it can route. Each protocol type is separated by a comma. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the comma separated list of protocols routed by the {\b Transport} \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Connect\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:Connect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} Connect (const std::string {\i address}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to connect to a specified address {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{the address to connect to \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ExportURL\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:ExportURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string ExportURL (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Exports a URL that is used by this transport and can be used by other Transports to locate this transport. The format of the URL follows this convention: <TransportType><data>/ \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the URL to locate this transport \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetBandwidthLimit\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetBandwidthLimit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Bandwidth GetBandwidthLimit (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetBandwidthLimit()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetEnableLANDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetEnableLANDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetEnableLANDiscovery (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetEnableLANDiscovery()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value. \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetMaximumInputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetMaximumInputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetMaximumInputBandwidth (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b GetMaximumInputBandwidth()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value. \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetMaximumOutputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetMaximumOutputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetMaximumOutputBandwidth (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the configuration value set by {\b SetMaximumOutputBandwidth()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the configured value \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetMaxPacketSize\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetMaxPacketSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetMaxPacketSize (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the maximum packet size that can be transmitted over this {\b Transport}. The base spec requires a {\b Transport} to cope with packets of at least the number of bytes defined by TransportMinimumPacketSize \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the maximum packet size that can be transmitted \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetNextDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetNextDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string GetNextDiscovery (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is the function that can be used to discover other similar transports that can be connected to. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns a URL, which is the URL passed in by {\b HandleDiscoveryReply()} \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsLost\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPacketsLost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPacketsLost (const bool {\i reset}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of packets that were lost and had to be resent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsReceived\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPacketsReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPacketsReceived (const bool {\i reset}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of packets that were received. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsReceivedMerged\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPacketsReceivedMerged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPacketsReceivedMerged (const bool {\i reset}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of merged packets that were received. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsReceivedSize\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPacketsReceivedSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPacketsReceivedSize (const bool {\i reset}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total size of packets that were received. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsSent\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPacketsSent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPacketsSent (const bool {\i reset}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of packets that were sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsSentMerged\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPacketsSentMerged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPacketsSentMerged (const bool {\i reset}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total number of merged packets that were sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPacketsSentSize\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPacketsSentSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPacketsSentSize (const bool {\i reset}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the total size of packets that were sent. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{The default parameter for this function is false. If true then the value is returned as normal but the internal total is reset to zero \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns the total value, since the last reset to zero \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetPeerURL\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetPeerURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string GetPeerURL (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If connected this gets the URL of the other transport. It is possible this function will return a null ("") string when connected if the transport provider does not support this functionality. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the URL of the peer transport. \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetStatus\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} GetStatus (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of this transport \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the status \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v GetTransportClosed\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:GetTransportClosed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetTransportClosed (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If this returns false the transport was closed due to an error such as a timeout. If this returns true then the transport was gracefully closed without an error.  The default is to return false. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v HandleDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:HandleDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string HandleDiscovery (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a discovery is pending this will return the URL of the source machine that made a discovery request \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the URL of the machine attempting a discovery or a "" string \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v HandleDiscoveryReply\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:HandleDiscoveryReply}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void HandleDiscoveryReply (const std::string {\i reply}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function handles the reply URL that is passed back to the previous calling machine of {\b HandleDiscovery()} {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reply} \cell }{the reply string to send \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Listen\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} Listen (const int {\i channel}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets this {\b Transport} to listen on a certain channel. The default channel is defined as AnyGameChannel {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channel} \cell }{the channel to listen on, for example DefaultGameChannel. This parameter need not be passed in, in which case AnyGameChannel is used. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Listen\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} Listen (const std::string & {\i address}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets this {\b Transport} to listen on a certain address. The default blank address is defined by the implemented {\b Transport}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The address to listen on prefixed by the transport's {\b CanAccept()} string. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Recv\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:Recv}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Recv (char *const {\i data}, const int {\i maxlen}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to receive data pending at this {\b Transport}. Data packets received by this method are not merged together. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data buffer to use \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxlen} \cell }{the maximum length of this data buffer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the length of the data received or zero for no data pending. If maxlen is too small the size of the next packet is still returned but the packet data is not returned. The next function call should use an increased maxlen size for the packet. \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v Send\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:Send}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} Send (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "unreliable" method without using any form of packet loss correction.\par This method of sending packets is very cheap since there is no packet loss correction. Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SendCertain\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SendCertain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} SendCertain (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "certain" method that guarantees delivery of packets but does not gaurantee the packet receive order is maintained.\par This method is less expensive than the "reliable" method because send and receive order is not preserved. Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SendOrdered\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SendOrdered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} SendOrdered (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "unreliable ordered" method without using any form of packet loss correction.\par This method of sending packets is very cheap since there is no packet loss correction. Packets will be received at the destination in order. Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{This optional parameter allows the user to send ordered packets and ensure they are in original order grouped by band. This parameter is optional for a {\b Transport} to support and if supported the {\b Transport} may only support a limited number of bands. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SendReliable\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SendReliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} SendReliable (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data to the currently connected {\b Transport} via the "reliable" method that guarantees packets are received in the same order they are sent.\par This method of sending packets is the most expensive in terms of CPU time and memory buffers Before attempting to send any data using this transport instance wait for {\b GetStatus()} to return kTransport_EOK. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{This optional parameter allows the user to send reliable packets and ensure they are in original order grouped by band. This parameter is optional for a {\b Transport} to support and if supported the {\b Transport} may only support a limited number of bands. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A {\b Transport::Error} is returned indicating success or failure for the operation \par
}}{
Implements {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetBandwidthLimit\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SetBandwidthLimit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetBandwidthLimit (const Bandwidth {\i enable}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the bandwidth limit algorithm to be used for this {\b Transport} type. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{The default parameter is kBandwidth_Off which disables any bandwidth limit for this {\b Transport} type. kBandwidth_Connection will turn on bandwidth calculation for each instance and connection using this {\b Transport}. For example, if there are five instances of this {\b Transport} type and kBandwidth_Connection is used with the maximum outgoing bandwidth to be 1000 bytes per second then the maximum combined bandwidth will capped to five times 1000 bytes per second, which is 5000 bytes per second. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetEnableLANDiscovery\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SetEnableLANDiscovery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEnableLANDiscovery (const bool {\i enable}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables LAN discovery of this transport type. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Set this to be true to enable LAN discovery. False will disable LAN discovery. The default is true. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetMaximumInputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SetMaximumInputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMaximumInputBandwidth (const int {\i bytesPerSecond}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum input bandwidth for emulation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bytesPerSecond} \cell }{the bandwidth in bytes per second. The default value is 0 meaning there is no limit. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetMaximumOutputBandwidth\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SetMaximumOutputBandwidth}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMaximumOutputBandwidth (const int {\i bytesPerSecond}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum output bandwidth for emulation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bytesPerSecond} \cell }{the bandwidth in bytes per second. The default value is 0 meaning there is no limit. \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Reimplemented from {\b Transport} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v SetNATValues\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SetNATValues}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool SetNATValues (const bool {\i isAdvertised}, const int {\i globalID}, const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the NAT values to be used for this transport instance. These values are set at construction time from the internal lobby state and may be changed at any time before {\b Connect()} or {\b Listen()} are used. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SetServer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::TransportNATUDP\:SetServer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void SetServer (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This sets the {\b NATResolver} server address for any NATUDP transports. This must be called before any NATUDP transports have been registered by RNLobby::RegisterDefaultTransports(). The default is to have no server set and therefore the default server is configured by the internal lobby state from any successful Backend verification. {\b PlatformHeap::ForceFree()} will also clear any server that has been set. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UserClient Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UserClient}
{\xe \v UserClient}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLH}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <UserClient.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for UserClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1UserClient__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for UserClient:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1UserClient__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Reason} \{ {\b kReason_ClientForcedLogout} = 0, 
{\b kReason_ServerForcedLogout}, 
{\b kReason_ChatRoomFull}, 
{\b kReason_ChatRoomUserLeft}, 
{\b kReason_ChatRoomClosed}, 
{\b kReason_ChatRoomKickedByAdmin}, 
{\b kReason_ChatRoomWrongPassword}, 
{\b kReason_ChatRoomDoesNotExist}, 
{\b kReason_ChatRoomBanned}, 
{\b kReason_IncorrectLoginDetails}, 
{\b kReason_AccountBlocked}
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kState_Online} = (1<<0), 
{\b kState_FriendRequest} = (1<<1), 
{\b kState_GameInvite} = (1<<2), 
{\b kState_Message} = (1<<3)
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b VariableAccess} \{ {\b kPrivateRead} = 0, 
{\b kPrivateReadWrite} = 1, 
{\b kPublicReadPrivateReadWrite} = 2, 
{\b kPublicReadPrivateRead} = 3
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLI}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Because this uses a TransportUDP connection it will call {\b XPURL::RegisterDefaultTransports()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Stop} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetServer} (const {\b XPAddress} &address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CreateLoginUser} (const char *name, const char *password, const char *emailAddress="", const char *optionalID="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b LoginUser} (const char *name, const char *password)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b ChangePassword} (const char *password=""){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b ChangeEmail} (const char *emailAddress=""){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetLoginID} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the login ID when the user is logged in or UserInfo::kAnyLoginID when the user is not logged in. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetLoginName} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the login name as stored on the server when the user is logged in. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b LogoutUser} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Logs out a user. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b DeleteUser} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deletes a user that is currently logged in. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b SendMessageTo} (const int loginID, const char *message=""){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLP}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a message from a logged in user to a login ID. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b AddFriend} (const int friendLoginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLQ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Request to add someone as a friend. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b AuthoriseFriendRequest} (const int friendLoginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLR}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Authorise a friend request from a {\b UserInfo} that has the bit kState_FriendRequest set in mState. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b DenyFriendRequest} (const int friendLoginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLS}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deny a friend request from a {\b UserInfo} that has the bit kState_FriendRequest set in mState. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b RemoveFriend} (const int friendLoginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLT}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Remove a user from the friend list. The user info changes will stop tracking. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b AnswerMessage} (const int fromLoginID=UserInfo::kAnyLoginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLU}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Call this to clear the state for a received message. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetState} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b SendGameInvite} (const int friendLoginID, const char *invite=""){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a game invite to a friend. Only friends can receive game invites from a user. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b CancelGameInvite} (const int friendLoginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cancel a game invite to a friend. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b AnswerGameInvite} (const int friendLoginID=UserInfo::kAnyLoginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLX}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Call this to clear the state for a received game invite from a specific friend or by default all game invites. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b SetVariable} (const int section, const char *name, const char *value=0, const VariableAccess access=kPrivateReadWrite)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetVariable} (const int section, const char *name, const VariableAccess access=kPrivateReadWrite)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetVariable} (const int loginID, const int section, const char *name, const VariableAccess access=kPublicReadPrivateRead)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b AddUserInfo} (const int loginID, const bool useCache=true, const bool trackChanges=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b RemoveUserInfo} (const int loginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLY}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops tracking a loginID for changes that have been requested from using {\b AddUserInfo()}. If the user is a friend this will not remove the user from the friend list. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetUserInfo} (const int loginID, {\b UserInfo} *result)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b CreateChatRoom} (const char *password=0){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLZ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create a new chat room and if successful makes this user join the room as the room admin. The user will be notified of the chatRoomID by CallbackChatRoomCreated() }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b LeaveChatRoom} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMA}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Leave a chat room. If the user created the room and the room has no admins left then the room will be closed. All users in the room will be receive CallbackChatRoomLeft() with a reason of kReason_ChatRoomClosed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b EnterChatRoom} (const int chatRoomID, const char *password=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetCurrentRoom} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the current chatRoomID. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b ChatRoomAdminMessage} (const char *text, const unsigned int flags=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b ChatRoomSay} (const char *text, const unsigned int flags=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b ChatRoomWhisper} (const int loginID, const char *text, const unsigned int flags=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b ChatRoomKickUser} (const int loginID, const bool ban=false, const char *reason="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GlobalKickUser} (const int loginID, const bool ban=false, const char *reason="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GlobalRestoreUser} (const int loginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMC}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If a user account has been globally banned this will restore the account to active service. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b IsRoomAdmin} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the user is a room admin this will return true. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b IsSuperAdmin} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACME}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the user is a super admin this will return true. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b PlayingAGame} (const bool playing=false, const char *url="")\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GetPlayingAGame} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the state set by {\b PlayingAGame()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetPlayingAGameURL} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMG}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the url state set by {\b PlayingAGame()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetLastOnlineTime} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMH}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the last time this user account logged in. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b RequestUserNonce} (const int seconds)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b RequestNamesLike} (const char *match="", const bool banned=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetPendingGetVariableRequests} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackConnectionEstablished} ({\b Transport} *transport)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
User extensible callbacks. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserLogin} (const int loginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMJ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user successfully logs in. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserLoginFailed} (const Reason reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMK}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user login attempt fails. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserLogout} (const Reason reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACML}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user logs out. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserAlreadyExists} (const int loginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user account already exists. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserLoginFromOtherClient} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user is logged out due to the same account being logged in on another instance. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackMessageReceived} (const int fromLoginID, const char *message)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackFriendDeleted} (const int loginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMO}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user deletes a friend. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackFriendAdded} (const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMP}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when a friend {\b UserInfo} is added. A {\b UserInfo} can be added when {\b UserInfo::GetState()} has kState_FriendRequest set for a pending friend request. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackFriendUpdated} (const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMQ}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when a {\b UserInfo} is changed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackStateChange} (const int previousState, const int newState){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMR}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the state changes for this instance. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackGotVariable} (const int loginID, const int section, const char *name, const char *value, const VariableAccess access){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMS}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when {\b GetVariable()} has read a variable from the server. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackVariableNotFound} (const int loginID, const int section, const char *name, const VariableAccess access){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMT}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when {\b GetVariable()} has failed to read a variable from the server. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserInfoDeleted} (const int loginID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMU}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user deletes a user info request. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserInfoAdded} (const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMV}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when a AddUserInfo request has succeeded. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackUserInfoUpdated} (const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMW}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when a {\b UserInfo} is changed. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomCreated} (const int chatRoomID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomEntered} (const int chatRoomID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomEnterFailed} (const int chatRoomID, const Reason reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomLeft} (const Reason reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomUserEntered} (const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomUserLeft} (const {\b RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserInfo} &user, const Reason reason){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomMessage} (const char *text, const {\b UserInfo} &user, const bool whispered, const bool isAdminMessage, const unsigned int flags){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACND}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackChatRoomKicked} (const char *reason, bool banned, const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackGlobalKicked} (const char *reason, bool banned, const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackPasswordChanged} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackCannotChangePassword} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackEmailChanged} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackCannotChangeEmail} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackGotUserNonce} (const char *userNonce, const int seconds){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackNewStatsAvailable} (const int lastUpdatedTitleID){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the {\b StatServer} updates any variables for this user. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b CallbackNamesLikeBegin} (const char *match, const bool banned)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackNamesLike} (const {\b UserInfo} &user){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when RequestNamesLike is used. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual void {\b CallbackNamesLikeEnd} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNN}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when RequestNamesLike is used. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b CallbackTidy} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CallbackPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b CallbackParseValidMessage} ({\b Transport} *transport, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} &message, const size_t length)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Maintains a connection to the {\b UserServer}. This allows access to user accounts, friends and user persistent data for each title. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v AddUserInfo\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:AddUserInfo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool AddUserInfo (const int {\i loginID}, const bool {\i useCache} = {\f2 true}, const bool {\i trackChanges} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Requests {\b UserInfo} from a loginID. CallbackUserInfo() is triggered when a request succeeds and CallbackUserInfoFailed() on failure. This is useful for maintaining a list of recent players the user has encountered. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i loginID} \cell }{The loginID to request information for. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i useCache} \cell }{When true if possible use the cached information. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i trackChanges} \cell }{When true this asks the server to send any changes of the loginID to this user. The server will expire old requests when the user logs out to avoid too much server load. {\b RemoveUserInfo()} can be used to forget tracking user changes for a loginID. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackConnectionEstablished\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:CallbackConnectionEstablished}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackConnectionEstablished ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
User extensible callbacks. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the {\b UserClient} connects the the {\b UserServer}. \par
}}
{\xe \v CallbackMessageReceived\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:CallbackMessageReceived}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackMessageReceived (const int {\i fromLoginID}, const char * {\i message}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when the user receives message from another user. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{The pointer to the message will be freed as soon as this callback returns so do not store the pointer, store the contents of the pointer instead. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackNamesLikeBegin\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:CallbackNamesLikeBegin}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual void CallbackNamesLikeBegin (const char * {\i match}, const bool {\i banned}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A virtual callback that is triggered when RequestNamesLike is used. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i match} \cell }{The corresponding match parameter that was used for {\b RequestNamesLike()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i match} \cell }{The corresponding banned parameter that was used for {\b RequestNamesLike()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CallbackParseValidMessage\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:CallbackParseValidMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CallbackParseValidMessage ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}, {\b DynamicMessageHelper} & {\i message}, const size_t {\i length}){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. If a MessageHelper::Exception() is caught by this server class the connection will be terminated. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackPoll\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:CallbackPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CallbackPoll (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the scope of the thread but without the class mutex being locked. This can be called with or without a valid mTransport \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v CallbackTidy\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:CallbackTidy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void CallbackTidy (void ){\f2 [protected]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This callback may be used to tidy allocation of objects when the thread terminates. The class mutex is locked when executing this callback. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABWB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ChatRoomAdminMessage\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:ChatRoomAdminMessage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool ChatRoomAdminMessage (const char * {\i text}, const unsigned int {\i flags} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Only chat room admins or super admins can use this function. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i text} \cell }{The text string is limited to 384 chars. (UserServerPrivate::kMaximumMessageSize) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i flags} \cell }{User defined flags that will be sent to all recipients. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ChatRoomKickUser\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:ChatRoomKickUser}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool ChatRoomKickUser (const int {\i loginID}, const bool {\i ban} = {\f2 false}, const char * {\i reason} = {\f2 ""})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Kicks and optionally bans the user loginID from the currently joined chat room, until the room is destroyed and then created again. Only chat room admins or super admins can use this function. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reason} \cell }{The text string is limited to 384 chars. (UserServerPrivate::kMaximumMessageSize) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ChatRoomSay\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:ChatRoomSay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool ChatRoomSay (const char * {\i text}, const unsigned int {\i flags} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Say some text that is publicly viewable in the current room. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i text} \cell }{The text string is limited to 384 chars. (UserServerPrivate::kMaximumMessageSize) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i flags} \cell }{User defined flags that will be sent to all recipients. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ChatRoomWhisper\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:ChatRoomWhisper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool ChatRoomWhisper (const int {\i loginID}, const char * {\i text}, const unsigned int {\i flags} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Whisper a message to someone in the chat room. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i text} \cell }{The text string is limited to 384 chars. (UserServerPrivate::kMaximumMessageSize) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i flags} \cell }{User defined flags that will be sent to all recipients. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v CreateLoginUser\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:CreateLoginUser}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool CreateLoginUser (const char * {\i name}, const char * {\i password}, const char * {\i emailAddress} = {\f2 ""}, const char * {\i optionalID} = {\f2 ""})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Will try to create an account and then login if it was created. If the account already exists or the optionalID check finds a duplicate ID then {\b CallbackUserAlreadyExists()} is called and the user should try to use {\b LoginUser()} instead. When creating a login the duplicate name check is not case sensitive so that if someone has the name "Fred" then someone else will not be able to create the name "fred". {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name to use for the account. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i password} \cell }{The password to use for the account. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i emailAddress} \cell }{The email address to use for the account. The email address can be used to request a password reset using the ASP web lobby interface. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i The} \cell }{optional ID to use for the account. If the optional ID is not an empty string then it is used to detect for more than one account being created by a person or machine. For example the string could be a hash of the user's credit card information, or the MAC address of the machine. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v EnterChatRoom\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:EnterChatRoom}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool EnterChatRoom (const int {\i chatRoomID}, const char * {\i password} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attempts to join a room. CallbackChatRoomEntered() will be called if successful and CallbackChatRoomEnterFailed() will be called if not successful. Super admins can enter rooms without needing to know the password. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetState\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:GetState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetState (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns a state for this instance that can be displayed as an icon on the screen. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A combination of kState_* \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetUserInfo\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:GetUserInfo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetUserInfo (const int {\i loginID}, {\b UserInfo} * {\i result})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Using the currently known list of users and friends this will try to instantly return the most up to date {\b UserInfo}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i loginID} \cell }{The loginID to search for. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i result} \cell }{If not null this is a pointer to the resultant {\b UserInfo}. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the loginID was found. If false is returned the contents of result is unchanged. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetVariable\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:GetVariable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetVariable (const int {\i section}, const char * {\i name}, const VariableAccess {\i access} = {\f2 kPrivateReadWrite})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Invokes {\b CallbackGotVariable()} when the variable is retrieved from the server. The name string is limited to 128 chars. (StatServerPrivate::kMaximumPairValueSize) \par
}}
{\xe \v GetVariable\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:GetVariable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetVariable (const int {\i loginID}, const int {\i section}, const char * {\i name}, const VariableAccess {\i access} = {\f2 kPublicReadPrivateRead})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Invokes {\b CallbackGotVariable()} when the variable is retrieved from the server. The name string is limited to 128 chars. (StatServerPrivate::kMaximumPairValueSize) \par
}}
{\xe \v GlobalKickUser\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:GlobalKickUser}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GlobalKickUser (const int {\i loginID}, const bool {\i ban} = {\f2 false}, const char * {\i reason} = {\f2 ""})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Kicks globally across all rooms and optionally bans the user loginID account. Only super admins have the ability for this function to succeed. If the user is banned the user will not be able to login again until the block is lifted in the database. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reason} \cell }{The text string is limited to 384 chars. (UserServerPrivate::kMaximumMessageSize) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v LoginUser\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:LoginUser}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool LoginUser (const char * {\i name}, const char * {\i password})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Will try to login an existing account. {\b CallbackUserLogin()} will be called if the name and password are correct. {\b CallbackUserLoginFailed()} will be called if the name or password were incorrect. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name of the user. This is not case sensitive. However the original case of the name supplied to CreateLoginUser will be displayed. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i password} \cell }{The password of the user. This is case sensitive. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v PlayingAGame\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:PlayingAGame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool PlayingAGame (const bool {\i playing} = {\f2 false}, const char * {\i url} = {\f2 ""})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Flags if this user is playing a game. This causes the {\b UserInfo} friend icons to update. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i playing} \cell }{Use true to indicate the user is playing a game, the optional url will be used. When playing is false the optional url will not be used. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i url} \cell }{An optional url to indicate what game the user is playing. The text string is limited to 384 chars. (UserServerPrivate::kMaximumMessageSize) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v RequestNamesLike\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:RequestNamesLike}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool RequestNamesLike (const char * {\i match} = {\f2 ""}, const bool {\i banned} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Requests names that are like the supplied parameter. This causes CallbackNamesLikeBegin,CallbackNamesLike and CallbackNamesLikeEnd to be called once the server replies. By default active accounts are searched. Only super admins are able to search banned accounts. \par
}}
{\xe \v RequestUserNonce\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:RequestUserNonce}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool RequestUserNonce (const int {\i seconds})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Requests a user nonce from the server that can be used to securely identify this user to any other RNLobby supported service. When the user nonce is ready CallbackGotUserNonce() is called. The user nonce will be valid for a number of requested seconds of time. The user nonce can only be used once before it becomes invalid. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetServer\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:SetServer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetServer (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i address})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the address and port of the server. The default for the instance of the class is localhost and port UserServer::kDefaultPort or the address resolved by a successful {\b BackendClient::Start()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The new address and port number to use for the server \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetVariable\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:SetVariable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool SetVariable (const int {\i section}, const char * {\i name}, const char * {\i value} = {\f2 0}, const VariableAccess {\i access} = {\f2 kPrivateReadWrite})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Only allow write access to our own variable space. Setting a null value will erase that value if there is access to do so. The name and value string is limited to 128 chars. (StatServerPrivate::kMaximumPairValueSize) \par
}}
{\xe \v Stop\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserClient\:Stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Stop (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops the thread. If this function is overridden then this base implementation must also be called. This will not generate {\b CallbackDisconnected()} events for any existing connections. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}{
Reimplemented from {\b BaseTransportServer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UserInfo Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UserInfo}
{\xe \v UserInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKT}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class is used to communicate with the {\b UserServer} class. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <UserClient.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kAnyLoginID} = 0
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kState_Friend} = (1<<0), 
{\b kState_FriendRequest} = (1<<2), 
{\b kState_Online} = (1<<3), 
{\b kState_GameInvite} = (1<<5), 
{\b kState_Speaking} = (1<<6), 
{\b kState_Ignored} = (1<<7), 
{\b kState_InARoom} = (1<<8), 
{\b kState_PlayingAGame} = (1<<9)
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetLoginID} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetName} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetState} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetGameInvite} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetLastOnlineTime} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b GetPlayingAGameURL} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLoginID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mState}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mGameInvite}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mLastOnlineTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

std::string {\b mPlayingAGameURL}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLF}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class is used to communicate with the {\b UserServer} class. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GetState\:RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserInfo}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::RNLobby::UserInfo\:GetState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetState (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A combination of kState_* \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UserServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UserServer}
{\xe \v UserServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOJ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <UserServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for UserServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1UserServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for UserServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1UserServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 4009
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UserServer} (const char *lobbyDSN=MRNLobbyDefaultDSN){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (const {\b XPAddress} &address={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort)){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOL}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Because this uses a TransportUDP connection it will call {\b XPURL::RegisterDefaultTransports()} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b GetNumTotal} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOM}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the total number of users. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static int {\b VerifyUserNonce} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const std::string &userNonce){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACON}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verifies the input userNonce and returns the corresponding loginID or UserInfo::kAnyLoginID if the user nonce couldn't be verified. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetVariable} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const int titleID, const int loginID, const int section, const UserClient::VariableAccess access, const std::string &name, std::string &value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetVariable} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const int titleID, const int loginID, const int section, const UserClient::VariableAccess access, const std::string &name, int &value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b GetVariable} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const int titleID, const int loginID, const int section, const UserClient::VariableAccess access, const std::string &name, float &value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b SetVariable} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const int titleID, const int loginID, const int section, const UserClient::VariableAccess access, const std::string &name, const std::string &value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b SetVariable} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const int titleID, const int loginID, const int section, const UserClient::VariableAccess access, const std::string &name, const int value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b SetVariable} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const int titleID, const int loginID, const int section, const UserClient::VariableAccess access, const std::string &name, const float value){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

static bool {\b DeleteVariable} (RNReplicaNet::RNODBCSQL::ODBCSQL &sql, const int titleID, const int loginID, const int section, const UserClient::VariableAccess access, const std::string &name){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOU}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class uses the {\b BaseTransportServer} class to implement:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
User account create/authenticate.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Persistent data storage for each user.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Friends list.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Game invites.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Private messages.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Chat rooms. User information is stored in the following database tables:\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Users\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UserRelationship\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
OfflineMessages\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
SuperRoomUsers\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AccountBlocked\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UserNonces\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UserNetworkAddressHistory \par}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UtilityServer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UtilityServer}
{\xe \v UtilityServer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOV}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handles requests for utility functions using RESTful HTTP. This is not a client visible server hence there is no corresponding UtilityClient class. }}\par
{
{\f2 #include <UtilityServer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for UtilityServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1UtilityServer__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for UtilityServer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1UtilityServer__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum \{ {\b kDefaultPort} = 2000
 \}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UtilityServer} (const char *lobbyDSN=MRNLobbyDefaultDSN){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b Start} (const {\b XPAddress} &address={\b XPAddress}(kDefaultPort)){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

virtual RNWeb::Worker * {\b CreateWorker} ({\b XPSocket} *accepted){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b UtilityServerWorker}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handles requests for utility functions using RESTful HTTP. This is not a client visible server hence there is no corresponding UtilityClient class. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatchIndexManager::VersionInfo Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatchIndexManager::VersionInfo}
{\xe \v PatchIndexManager::VersionInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFA}
Collaboration diagram for PatchIndexManager::VersionInfo:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "structRNReplicaNet_1_1RNLobby_1_1PatchIndexManager_1_1VersionInfo__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b Read} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &in){\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b Write} ({\b DynamicMessageHelper} &out) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b Dump} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFD}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ScanPath::FileChecksum} {\b mChecksum}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mUniqueID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mProductVersion}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIsPatch}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mNewThisIteration}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mDataFileSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFJ}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Worker Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Worker}
{\xe \v Worker}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXC}
Inheritance diagram for Worker:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Worker__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for Worker:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1Worker__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Worker} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~Worker} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ThreadEntry} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b ThreadExiting} (const int returnCode)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b JobManager}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXD}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Worker\:RNReplicaNet::Worker}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Worker\:Worker}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Worker} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~Worker\:RNReplicaNet::Worker}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Worker\:~Worker}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b Worker} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure worker finishes. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ThreadEntry\:RNReplicaNet::Worker}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Worker\:ThreadEntry}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int ThreadEntry (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The thread starts executing from here. \par
}{
Implements {\b ThreadClass} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v ThreadExiting\:RNReplicaNet::Worker}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::Worker\:ThreadExiting}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void ThreadExiting (const int {\i returnCode}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is called just before the thread exits, from the context of the thread. \par
}{
Reimplemented from {\b ThreadClass} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPAddress Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPAddress}
{\xe \v XPAddress}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <XPSocket.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPAddress} (const int {\b port}, unsigned char addr1, unsigned char addr2, unsigned char addr3, unsigned char addr4)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPAddress} (const int {\b port})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPAddress} (std::string {\b addr})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPAddress} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b Export} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Import} (const std::string address)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b MakeAny} (const int {\b port}=XPSOCK_PORT_ANY)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsLocalhost} (void) const \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b operator==} (const {\b XPAddress} &b) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b operator!=} (const {\b XPAddress} &b) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b operator<} (const {\b XPAddress} &b) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLF}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b XPAddress} {\b Null} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b port}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned char {\b addr} [4]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b port6}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned char {\b addr6} [16]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIPv4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mIPv6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLH}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is an address that the sockets use \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v XPAddress\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:XPAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPAddress} (const int {\i port}, unsigned char {\i addr1}, unsigned char {\i addr2}, unsigned char {\i addr3}, unsigned char {\i addr4})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
ctor for {\b XPAddress} that allows the structure to be constructed in a C++ fashion \par
}{
References XPAddress::port.}\par
}
{\xe \v XPAddress\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:XPAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPAddress} (const int {\i port})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
ctor for {\b XPAddress} that allows the structure to be constructed in a C++ fashion. The address component is initialised to be any incoming address. \par
}{
References XPAddress::MakeAny().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPAddress\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:XPAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPAddress} (std::string {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
ctor that accepts a std::string in the format as {\b Import()}. \par
}{
References XPAddress::Import().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPAddress\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:XPAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPAddress} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
default ctor, no address types set. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Export\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:Export}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string Export (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Exports the {\b XPAddress} as a std::string \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the std::string version of this {\b XPAddress} \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr6, XPAddress::port, and XPAddress::port6.}\par
{
Referenced by MyService::Main().}\par
}
{\xe \v Import\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:Import}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Import (const std::string {\i address})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Imports an address string in IPv4 or IPv6 formats. For example: "127.0.0.1:80-[1000:a123:0000:0000:0000:0000:12ab:12ab]:80" or "127.0.0.1:80" or "[1234::1bcd:4321:1234:43bc]:80" {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i address} \cell }{The address in x.x.x.x:x format. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true is a successful import, false indicates there was a formatting error within the string. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr6, XPAddress::MakeAny(), XPAddress::port, and XPAddress::port6.}\par
{
Referenced by XPAddress::XPAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v IsLocalhost\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:IsLocalhost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsLocalhost (void ) const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if this {\b XPAddress} is localhost for IPv6 or IPv6 \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr6.}\par
}
{\xe \v MakeAny\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:MakeAny}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void MakeAny (const int {\i port} = {\f2 XPSOCK_PORT_ANY})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets this address to be for any incoming address with an optional port number. \par
}{
References XPAddress::addr6, XPAddress::port, and XPAddress::port6.}\par
{
Referenced by XPAddress::Import(), XPAddress::XPAddress(), XPSock_Listen(), and XPSock_UrgentCreate().}\par
}
{\xe \v Null\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:Null}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPAddress} Null (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns XPAddress(0,0,0,0,0) \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addr\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:addr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned char addr[4]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The IPv4 addr for this structure \par
}{
Referenced by XPAddress::Null(), XPSock_Accept(), XPSock_Connect(), XPSock_GetAddress(), XPSock_GetPeerAddress(), XPSock_Listen(), XPSock_Resolve(), XPSock_UrgentCreate(), XPSock_UrgentRecv(), and XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
{\xe \v addr6\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:addr6}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned char addr6[16]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The IPv6 addr for this structure \par
}{
Referenced by XPAddress::Export(), XPAddress::Import(), XPAddress::IsLocalhost(), XPAddress::MakeAny(), XPSock_GetAddress(), XPSock_Resolve(), XPSock_UrgentCreate(), and XPSock_UrgentRecv().}\par
}
{\xe \v port\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:port}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int port}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The IPv4 port number for this address \par
}{
Referenced by XPAddress::Export(), XPAddress::Import(), XPAddress::MakeAny(), XPAddress::XPAddress(), XPSock_Accept(), XPSock_Connect(), XPSock_GetAddress(), XPSock_GetPeerAddress(), XPSock_Listen(), XPSock_UrgentCreate(), and XPSock_UrgentRecv().}\par
}
{\xe \v port6\:RNReplicaNet::XPAddress}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPAddress\:port6}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int port6}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The IPv6 port number for this address \par
}{
Referenced by XPAddress::Export(), XPAddress::Import(), XPAddress::MakeAny(), XPSock_GetAddress(), XPSock_UrgentCreate(), and XPSock_UrgentRecv().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPCompression Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPCompression}
{\xe \v XPCompression}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHE}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <XPCompression.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPCompression} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~XPCompression} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b CalculateMaximumMemory} (int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Compress} (void *source_data, int source_length, void *destination_data, int *destination_length, int level=10)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b Decompress} (void *source_data, int source_length, void *destination_data, int *destination_length, int max_buffer_size)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A general purpose lossless compression and decompression class which implements the LZMPi compression algorithm. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v XPCompression\:RNReplicaNet::XPCompression}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPCompression\:XPCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPCompression} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor performs some basic initialisation \par
}}
{\xe \v ~XPCompression\:RNReplicaNet::XPCompression}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPCompression\:~XPCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b XPCompression} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor makes sure everything is tidy \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CalculateMaximumMemory\:RNReplicaNet::XPCompression}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPCompression\:CalculateMaximumMemory}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int CalculateMaximumMemory (int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given an input size calculate the maximum absolute worse case for the compressed output {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{the size of the data \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the worse case output length \par
}}}
{\xe \v Compress\:RNReplicaNet::XPCompression}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPCompression\:Compress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Compress (void * {\i source_data}, int {\i source_length}, void * {\i destination_data}, int * {\i destination_length}, int {\i level} = {\f2 10})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Compress a block of memory {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source_data} \cell }{the source data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source_length} \cell }{the source data length in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i destination_data} \cell }{the destination data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i destination_length} \cell }{the pointer to the destination data length in bytes to fill in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i level} \cell }{the compression level to use. 1 is fast and 10 is best but slower. The default for this parameter is 10. Compression level 6 is a good balance between compression ratio and speed. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true is no error else false for an error \par
}}}
{\xe \v Decompress\:RNReplicaNet::XPCompression}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPCompression\:Decompress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool Decompress (void * {\i source_data}, int {\i source_length}, void * {\i destination_data}, int * {\i destination_length}, int {\i max_buffer_size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Decompress a block of memory {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source_data} \cell }{the source data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source_length} \cell }{the source data length in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i destination_data} \cell }{the destination data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i destination_length} \cell }{the pointer to the destination data length in bytes to fill in \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i max_buffer_size} \cell }{the maximum size of the destination buffer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true is no error else false for an error \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPSession Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPSession}
{\xe \v XPSession}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHX}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <XPSession.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for XPSession:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPSession__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for XPSession:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPSession__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Types\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
enum {\b Error} \{ {\b kXPSession_EOK} = 0, 
{\b kXPSession_EERROR} = -1, 
{\b kXPSession_ETRANSPORT_CLOSED} = -2, 
{\b kXPSession_ETRANSPORT_ERROR} = -3
 \}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

typedef int {\b GetSessionIDCallback} (void *context){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPSession} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~XPSession} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Create} (const std::string name)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Create} (const std::string name, const std::string protocols)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b ExportURL} (const bool shortAddress=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Join} (const std::string url)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Find} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Find} (const std::string protocols)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b EnumerateFound} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetGameChannel} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetGameChannel} (const int channel=TransportAnyGameChannel)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetSessionID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsStable} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b GetStatus} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Error} {\b GetSessionErrorReason} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DataSendToSession} (const int sessionid, const char *data, const int length, const bool reliable=true, const bool certain=false, const bool ordered=false, const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DataSendToSessionUnreliable} (const int sessionid, const char *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DataSendToSessionOrdered} (const int sessionid, const char *data, const int length, const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DataSendToSessionReliable} (const int sessionid, const char *data, const int length, const unsigned int band=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b DataSendToSessionCertain} (const int sessionid, const char *data, const int length)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b DataReceivePeek} (int *const fromsessionid, int *const length, unsigned char *const type=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b DataReceive} (int *const fromsessionid, char *const data, int *const length, unsigned char *const type=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetJoiner} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetLeaver} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
SysTimeType {\b GetTime} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
SysTimeType {\b GetLocalTime} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetNetworkSendRate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetNetworkReceiveRate} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetNetworkPacketsLost} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetNetworkPacketsRejected} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Poll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPollLayerBelow} (bool enable=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPollLayerBelow} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetManualPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetManualPollXPURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPollXPURL} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetCanSpider} (const bool canSpider=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCanSpider} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetCanBecomeMaster} (const bool canBeMaster=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetCanBecomeMaster} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetLatencyToMasterSession} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b GetLatencyToSessionID} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLatencyRecalculationDelay} (const float seconds=1.0f)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetEncryption} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetEncryption} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Disconnect} (const int sessionID=kXPSessionUnknownID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPreConnectStatus} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPreConnect} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetPreConnect} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b PreConnectHasFinished} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPacketCompression} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetAutomaticPacketCompression} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetCompressionStatistics} (int *const before=0, int *const after=0, const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GetMergedStatistics} (int *const sent=0, int *const received=0, const bool reset=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetMasterSessionID} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b GetURLFromSessionID} (const int sessionID)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetClientOnly} (const bool isClient=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetClientOnly} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetBandwidthFromSessionID} (const int sessionID, Transport::Bandwidth *const bandwidth, int *const output, int *const input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAllowConnections} (const bool allow=true)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetAllowConnections} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetNodeBuffers} (const bool enable=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b GetNodeBuffers} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b RegisterSessionIDCallback} (GetSessionIDCallback *callback=0, void *context=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b SetProxyMode} (const bool enable=false){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b GetProxyMode} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetMaximumDataSize} (const int bytes=64 *1024)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetMaximumDataSize} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetPacketCompressionLevel} (const int level=10)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetLargePacketCompressionLevel} (const int level=5)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetPacketCompressionLevel} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b GetLargePacketCompressionLevel} (void) const {\bkmkstart AAAAAAABID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABID}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression} (const int level=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetTransparentPacketCompression} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b XPSession} * {\b Allocate} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

struct {\b Route}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A network session class. This handles session nodes joining and leaving a session.\par This is a general purpose class for interfacing with the known transports and maintaining a stable interface between various connected nodes. This class enables packets of data to be sent to a specific session node ID or to all session nodes as a broadcast. A session node is usually an individual computer or instance of this class. In addition to this the class also offers a standard time interface that gives a synchronised shared between all connected nodes. Sessions also have the option to make spider connections to other sessions directly. If enabled this means that sessions will attempt to use the shortest and quickest route for messages rather than relaying all messages through the master session. What this means in the real world is that a session that uses SetCanSpider(true) is advertising its self as being able to accept connections from other peers in the network topology. When a new session joins a spidering session will be told the new session has joined and advertise the peer connection service. If there is a fault with one of the session then the remaining sessions, if they have peer connections, will still be able to send messages around the gap in the network topology. Another session is then chosen to be the new overall session master. An {\b XPSession} is used as the main basis for a {\b ReplicaNet} session.\par The terms "Reliable", "Unreliable" and "Certain" are references to the three packet delivery types used by {\b ReplicaNet}, {\b XPSession} and {\b XPURL} {\b Transport} classes.\par "Reliable" guarantees delivery of data in the same order it was sent.\par "Certain" guarantees delivery of data but the order the data is received may not be preserved.\par "Unreliable" does not guarantee delivery of data and the order of the data when it is received may not be preserved.\par In general it is a good idea to not use too many "Reliable" updates because this method is quite expensive in terms of network and memory performance. If one packet gets lost it will delay the delivery of all other Reliable data until that packet is resent. The better choice would be to use "Certain" because this is less expensive in terms of memory and network performance. Also if one Certain packet is lost the delivery of other Certain packets is not delayed. Generally use Reliable for those events that absolutely must occur in the same order they were sent.\par \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Enumeration Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Error\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Error}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
enum {\b Error}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Standard {\b XPSession} errors \par
}{{{\b Enumerator}}\par
\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\xe \v kXPSession_EOK\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:kXPSession_EOK}
{\b {\i kXPSession_EOK{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIG}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No error \par
}{\xe \v kXPSession_EERROR\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:kXPSession_EERROR}
{\b {\i kXPSession_EERROR{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIH}
}}  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A fatal error happened, like the connection broke and cannot be recovered \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v XPSession\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:XPSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPSession} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABII}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor for an {\b XPSession} \par
}}
{\xe \v ~XPSession\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:~XPSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b XPSession} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor for an {\b XPSession} This cleans up everything for this class \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Allocate\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Allocate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b XPSession}* Allocate (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allocates a new session to be used \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the new session that is allocated \par
}}}
{\xe \v Create\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Create (const std::string {\i name})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a new session using the default available protocols. \parWhen this {\b XPSession} instance is disconnected from a session this {\b XPSession} instance should be deleted and a new instance allocated before attempting to create or join a session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name to give to this session. The maximum length of this string is 128 characters. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Create\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Create (const std::string {\i name}, const std::string {\i protocols})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a new session using the supplied protocols \parWhen this {\b XPSession} instance is disconnected from a session this {\b XPSession} instance should be deleted and a new instance allocated before attempting to create or join a session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name to give to this session \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i protocols} \cell }{The list of protocols to use separated by commas. e.g. "UDP@,STREAMTCPIP@" \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataReceive\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:DataReceive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool DataReceive (int *const {\i fromsessionid}, char *const {\i data}, int *const {\i length}, unsigned char *const {\i type} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Receives data and responds with what session sent this data. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromsessionid} \cell }{the session id that sent this data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the buffer for the data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data received. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{a pointer that can receive the packet type. This will be kXPSessionPacketType_Unreliable, kXPSessionPacketType_Certain, kXPSessionPacketType_Reliable or kXPSessionPacketType_Ordered. This parameter can be null in which case the type is not filled in. The default value for this pointer is null. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true if data was received. If false the entry parameters to this function are unchanged. \par
}}}
{\xe \v DataReceivePeek\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:DataReceivePeek}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool DataReceivePeek (int *const {\i fromsessionid}, int *const {\i length}, unsigned char *const {\i type} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the parameters of the next pending received data to be read. The data is left waiting to be read by DataReceive. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromsessionid} \cell }{the session id that sent this data. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data received. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i type} \cell }{a pointer that can receive the packet type. This will be kXPSessionPacketType_Unreliable, kXPSessionPacketType_Certain, kXPSessionPacketType_Reliable or kXPSessionPacketType_Ordered. This parameter can be null in which case the type is not filled in. The default value for this pointer is null. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true if data was received. If false the entry parameters to this function are unchanged. \par
}}}
{\xe \v DataSendToSession\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:DataSendToSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DataSendToSession (const int {\i sessionid}, const char * {\i data}, const int {\i length}, const bool {\i reliable} = {\f2 true}, const bool {\i certain} = {\f2 false}, const bool {\i ordered} = {\f2 false}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data from this session to any other session via its ID or to all sessions by using XPSessionBroadcastID. If the node is in a pre-connect state and wants to send data to the master session then use kXPSessionUnknownID as the session ID to send to.\par Data packets larger than 512 bytes can be sent and received correctly however these large packets may cause a performance hit as the large chunk of data is sent. {\b Transport::GetMaxPacketSize()} is used with the current connection instance to calculate if a packet needs to be sent as chunks. A sessionID will not receive any data sent to itself either by using its own sessionID or from a broadcast. \parThe other functions DataSendToSessionXXX use this function {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionid} \cell }{the session id to send to or XPSessionBroadcastID. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reliable} \cell }{a flag to make this packet reliable, the default is true \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i certain} \cell }{a flag to make this packet certain, the default is false \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ordered} \cell }{a flag to make this packet ordered, the default is false \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{The band to use for the underlying {\b Transport} when sending with the Reliable method. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataSendToSessionCertain\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:DataSendToSessionCertain}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DataSendToSessionCertain (const int {\i sessionid}, const char * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data using the 'Certain' packet type from this session to any other session via it's ID or to all sessions by using XPSessionBroadcastID {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionid} \cell }{the session id to send to or XPSessionBroadcastID \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataSendToSessionOrdered\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:DataSendToSessionOrdered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DataSendToSessionOrdered (const int {\i sessionid}, const char * {\i data}, const int {\i length}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data using the 'Unreliable ordered' packet type from this session to any other session via it's ID or to all sessions by using XPSessionBroadcastID {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionid} \cell }{the session id to send to or XPSessionBroadcastID \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{The band to use for the underlying {\b Transport} when sending with the Reliable method. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataSendToSessionReliable\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:DataSendToSessionReliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DataSendToSessionReliable (const int {\i sessionid}, const char * {\i data}, const int {\i length}, const unsigned int {\i band} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data using the 'Reliable' packet type from this session to any other session via it's ID or to all sessions by using XPSessionBroadcastID {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionid} \cell }{the session id to send to or XPSessionBroadcastID \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i band} \cell }{The band to use for the underlying {\b Transport} when sending with the Reliable method. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v DataSendToSessionUnreliable\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:DataSendToSessionUnreliable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void DataSendToSessionUnreliable (const int {\i sessionid}, const char * {\i data}, const int {\i length})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data using the 'Unreliable' packet type from this session to any other session via it's ID or to all sessions by using XPSessionBroadcastID {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionid} \cell }{the session id to send to or XPSessionBroadcastID \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i length} \cell }{the length of the data to send. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Disconnect\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Disconnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Disconnect (const int {\i sessionID} = {\f2 kXPSessionUnknownID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This forces a disconnect from the supplied sessionID or if the sessionID is not supplied then all session nodes are disconnected. The disconnect is immediate and initiates the fault tolerant mechanism for {\b XPSession} and {\b ReplicaNet} on other connected session nodes. This means if the session was a master session node then the other session nodes will try to find a new master if this mechanism is enabled. In the case of a {\b ReplicaNet} session node having objects, these objects will attempt to use the fault recovery and migration to other nodes if it is enabled. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{The sessionID to disconnect from. The default is to disconnect from all sessionIDs. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v EnumerateFound\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:EnumerateFound}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string EnumerateFound (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enumerates any found sessions \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the URL of a session or a "" string \par
}}}
{\xe \v ExportURL\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:ExportURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string ExportURL (const bool {\i shortAddress} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Exports a URL that can be used to connect to this session in future. The format of the URL is as follows:\par "SESSION://" the URL header.\par Any number of exported {\b Transport} URLs separated with a '/'. {\b Transport} URLs are in the format "Transport type""address"\par The standard {\b XPSession} brace block which contains: \{SESSIONNAME=<session name>="">\}\par Any number of user defined brace blocks.\par An example is as follows: SESSION://UDP@127.0.0.1:4000/\{SESSIONNAME=Game\}\par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i shortAddress} \cell }{If this is true then only the short address for this session is exported. The short address only contains the address of the master listen transports, the long address also contains the listen addresses for the spider connections if they are available. By default the short address is exported. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the URL for this session \par
}}}
{\xe \v Find\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Find}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Find (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to find sessions using the default protocols \par
}}
{\xe \v Find\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Find}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Find (const std::string {\i protocols})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to find sessions using the listed protocols {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i protocols} \cell }{The list of protocols to use separated by commas. e.g. "UDP@,STREAMTCPIP@" \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetAllowConnections\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetAllowConnections}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetAllowConnections (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value configured by {\b SetAllowConnections()}  the value. \par
}}
{\xe \v GetAutomaticPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetAutomaticPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetAutomaticPacketCompression (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the value configured by {\b SetAutomaticPacketCompression()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the automatic packet compression is enabled. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetBandwidthFromSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetBandwidthFromSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetBandwidthFromSessionID (const int {\i sessionID}, Transport::Bandwidth *const {\i bandwidth}, int *const {\i output}, int *const {\i input})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attempts to read the configured bandwidth for a route to a specific session ID. If the session ID is not directly connected to this node then this function will return false and the contents of the output and input pointers will be left unchanged. If this node can supply bandwidth information about a session ID then this function will return true and the bandwidth, output, input pointers will contain the values as used by SetBandwidthLimit(), SetMaximumOutputBandwidth() and SetMaximumInputBandwidth(). Note that output and input bandwidth will appear to be exchanged because the output of one end of transport connection is really the input of the other end of the connection. \parNote: This function can take some time to execute when there are hundreds of connected users. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sessionID} \cell }{The session ID of the required node. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i bandwidth} \cell }{A pointer to accept the Transport::Bandwidth value, this can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i output} \cell }{A pointer to accept the output bandwidth value, this can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i input} \cell }{A pointer to accept the input bandwidth value, this can be null. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success returns true, failure returns false. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCanBecomeMaster\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetCanBecomeMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCanBecomeMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the state to be read \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the status of the becoming a master state \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCanSpider\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetCanSpider}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetCanSpider (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the spidering state to be read /return the status of the spidering state \par
}}
{\xe \v GetClientOnly\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetClientOnly}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetClientOnly (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the client only configuration set by {\b SetClientOnly()}. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The configuration set by {\b SetClientOnly()}. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetCompressionStatistics\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetCompressionStatistics}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetCompressionStatistics (int *const {\i before} = {\f2 0}, int *const {\i after} = {\f2 0}, const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the compression statistics totals for packets sent from this session node. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i before} \cell }{The total number of bytes before compression. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i after} \cell }{The total number of bytes after compression. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{If true, after returning the information to the caller both totals are reset back to zero. The default value is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetEncryption\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetEncryption}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetEncryption (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of the encryption flag for this session \par
}}
{\xe \v GetGameChannel\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetGameChannel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetGameChannel (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current channel number for this session \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the channel number \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetJoiner\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetJoiner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetJoiner (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the session id that recently joined the network session \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the session id or kXPSessionUnknownID to indicate no more session ids changed \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLatencyToMasterSession\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetLatencyToMasterSession}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetLatencyToMasterSession (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the latency to the master session to be read. This is the time taken for a packet to reach the master session. This is half round trip ping time. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the latency to the master session \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLatencyToSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetLatencyToSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetLatencyToSessionID (const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the latency to the sessionID to be read. This is the time taken for a packet to reach the sessionID. This is half round trip ping time. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the latency to the sessionID. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLeaver\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetLeaver}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetLeaver (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the session id that left the network session \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the session id or kXPSessionUnknownID to indicate no more session ids changed \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetLocalTime\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetLocalTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SysTimeType GetLocalTime (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current local time. This time is local to the session and is not synchronised to the session master clock. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the float time 1.0 units == 1 second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMasterSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetMasterSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetMasterSessionID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the master session unique ID. If the session is not connected then the return value is kXPSessionUnknownID. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the master session unique ID \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetMergedStatistics\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetMergedStatistics}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void GetMergedStatistics (int *const {\i sent} = {\f2 0}, int *const {\i received} = {\f2 0}, const bool {\i reset} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the merged packet statistics totals for connections managed by this session node. \parNote: This function can take some time to execute when there are hundreds of connected users. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sent} \cell }{The total number of merged sent packets. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i received} \cell }{The total number of merged sent packets. This can be null. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reset} \cell }{If true, after returning the information to the caller both totals are reset back to zero. The default value is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkPacketsLost\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetNetworkPacketsLost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetNetworkPacketsLost (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of packets that are lost and lost and resent \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid number of packets \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkPacketsRejected\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetNetworkPacketsRejected}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetNetworkPacketsRejected (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the number of packets that have been rejected due to failing the checksum, decryption of decompression checks. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid number of packets \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkReceiveRate\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetNetworkReceiveRate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetNetworkReceiveRate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current network receive transfer rate in bytes per second \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid bytes per second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNetworkSendRate\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetNetworkSendRate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float GetNetworkSendRate (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current network send transfer rate in bytes per second \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid bytes per second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetNodeBuffers\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetNodeBuffers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetNodeBuffers (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the value configured by {\b SetNodeBuffers()} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The value. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPollLayerBelow\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetPollLayerBelow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPollLayerBelow (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the state of {\b SetPollLayerBelow()} to be read. If the library is always single threading then this function will always return true. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the state of {\b SetPollLayerBelow()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPreConnect\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetPreConnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPreConnect (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of the pre-connect mechanism for this session node. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns true if the pre-connect mechanism is enabled. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPreConnectStatus\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetPreConnectStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool GetPreConnectStatus (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the status of the pre-connect mechanism to be tested. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid When {\b GetPreConnectStatus()} returns true after this session node starts a join then this session node is in a pre-connect state. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetSessionErrorReason\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetSessionErrorReason}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} GetSessionErrorReason (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This can be used to read extended information when {\b XPSession} encounters a session error. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The error can be:\par kXPSession_EOK for when there is no session error.\par kXPSession_EERROR for undefined errors.\par kXPSession_ETRANSPORT_CLOSED for when the session is disconnected or closed.\par kXPSession_ETRANSPORT_ERROR when the session is abnormally terminated due to a transport timeout. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetSessionID (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the session unique ID \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the session unique ID \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetStatus\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Error} GetStatus (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the session status. A session error happens when the master session disconnects and a new master cannot be found. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the session status will be either kXPSession_EOK or kXPSession_EERROR. \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetTime\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
SysTimeType GetTime (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the current system time of this {\b ReplicaNet} session synchronised with the time on the session master. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the float time 1.0 units == 1 second \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetTransparentPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetTransparentPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetTransparentPacketCompression (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Allows the setting for {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression()} to be read. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The setting for {\b SetTransparentPacketCompression()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetURLFromSessionID\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:GetURLFromSessionID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string GetURLFromSessionID (const int {\i sessionID})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attempts to resolve the URL of the session unique ID from the point of view of this session node. If the session unique ID is not known to the session then the result is a null string. If the session unique ID is not directly connected to this node, for example the spider connection was broken, then this function is not guaranteed to produce a URL and can return a null string. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The URL in the same format supplied by {\b Transport::GetPeerURL()} \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsMaster\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:IsMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsMaster (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests to see if this session is a master session \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true is the session is a master session, false if not \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsStable\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:IsStable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsStable (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the user o check if the session is really stable. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true if the session is stable \par
}}}
{\xe \v Join\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Join}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Join (const std::string {\i url})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to connect this session to the supplied URL \parWhen this {\b XPSession} instance is disconnected from a session this {\b XPSession} instance should be deleted and a new instance allocated before attempting to create or join a session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i url} \cell }{the url of the session to connect to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Poll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This polls {\b XPSession}. Normally an application will yield enough time during threads for {\b XPSession} to function. Sometimes an application that uses a lot of 3D graphics can lock out other threads for quite some time. In these cases you may call {\b XPSession::Poll()} to yield some time to {\b XPSession} to perform housekeeping.\par Single threaded considerations:\par When using the single threaded libraries this method should be called regularly. Unless {\b ReplicaNet::Poll()} is called in which case this {\b Poll()} method is already called. \par
}}
{\xe \v PreConnectHasFinished\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:PreConnectHasFinished}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void PreConnectHasFinished (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
If the pre-connect mechanism is enabled then this function must be called by the joining session node when packets have been exchanged to the satisfaction of the joining session node. \par
}}
{\xe \v RegisterSessionIDCallback\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:RegisterSessionIDCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void RegisterSessionIDCallback (GetSessionIDCallback * {\i callback} = {\f2 0}, void * {\i context} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Registers a callback for the user to create their own sessionIDs. The handle can be used by the user to store context specific data and is passed to the registered callback function. The user must guarantee that the calculated sessionID is greater than 0 and less than 32768 and is unique for the entire network session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetAllowConnections\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetAllowConnections}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAllowConnections (const bool {\i allow} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables any further connection attempts to this session. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i allow} \cell }{Set this to be true to allow connections to this session. False will stop any further connection attempts to this session and the connecting session will get kXPSession_ETRANSPORT_CLOSED from {\b GetSessionErrorReason()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetAutomaticPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPacketCompression (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables the automatic packet compression test. If enabled {\b XPSession} will test each packet sent to see if it can be compressed and if there is a space saving then the packet is compressed before sending. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Enable or disable automatic packet compression. The default is false to disable automatic packet compression. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPoll\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetAutomaticPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPoll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the automatic {\b Poll()} method In multi-threading libraries this restarts the automatic polling thread so that an application does not need the call {\b Poll()}\par In single-threading libraries this method has no effect and does not start a thread.\par The default multi-threading library behaviour is to enable multi-threading automatic polls,\par The default single-threading library behaviour is to use manual polls,\par \par
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPollXPURL\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetAutomaticPollXPURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPollXPURL (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the poll method to be set for the {\b XPURL} layer that is used by this session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetCanBecomeMaster\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetCanBecomeMaster}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetCanBecomeMaster (const bool {\i canBeMaster} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the session to set if it can become a master due to a fault being found from another session {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i canBeMaster} \cell }{Pass in true to enable this session to become a master if needed.\par The default is true\par Currently a session can only become a master if it is enabled for spidering however. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetCanSpider\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetCanSpider}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetCanSpider (const bool {\i canSpider} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the user to enable or disable spidering of network connections {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i canSpider} \cell }{Pass in true to enable spidering or false to disable spidering\par The default is true \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetClientOnly\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetClientOnly}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetClientOnly (const bool {\i isClient} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the client only flag for this session node. The default value is false which means this node will get joiner and leaver messages. If this is set to be true then this node will only get joiner/leaver messages for spider nodes or nodes that can become master nodes. This must not be changed after the session is used for joining a session. Setting this to option to be true also automatically sets {\b SetCanBecomeMaster()} and {\b SetCanSpider()} to be false. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i isClient} \cell }{The default value is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetEncryption\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetEncryption}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetEncryption (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables encryption for this session {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{set this to be true to enable encryption for packets sent from this session. The default is false \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetGameChannel\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetGameChannel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetGameChannel (const int {\i channel} = {\f2 TransportAnyGameChannel})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the current channel number for this session. If no channel number is passed then TransportAnyGameChannel is used. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channel} \cell }{The channel number to use. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetLargePacketCompressionLevel\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetLargePacketCompressionLevel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLargePacketCompressionLevel (const int {\i level} = {\f2 5})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the compression level to use when compressing large session packets that are split into chunks. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetLatencyRecalculationDelay\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetLatencyRecalculationDelay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetLatencyRecalculationDelay (const float {\i seconds} = {\f2 1.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the latency recalculation delay to be set. The default value is 1 second meaning there is a ping packet sent every second. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{The number of seconds before latency is recalculated. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetManualPoll\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetManualPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetManualPoll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the manual {\b Poll()} method for this class only.\par For multi-threaded libraries this turns off the automatic polling method.\par This allows an application to time exactly when polls are done.\par The application must call {\b Poll()} on a regular basis. A good place is just before or after the frame update is done. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetManualPollXPURL\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetManualPollXPURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetManualPollXPURL (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the poll method to be set for the {\b XPURL} layer that is used by this session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetMaximumDataSize\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetMaximumDataSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetMaximumDataSize (const int {\i bytes} = {\f2 64\~ *1024})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the maximum size of data that can be sent or received. If a session sends more data than the recipient is willing to receive then the recipient can decide to disconnect the source session connection. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetNodeBuffers\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetNodeBuffers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetNodeBuffers (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables buffering for this session node. With buffering enabled extra memory is used to improve multi-threaded performance when this node is used by another thread. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{The default is false which disables extra buffering. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPacketCompressionLevel\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetPacketCompressionLevel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPacketCompressionLevel (const int {\i level} = {\f2 10})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the compression level to use when compressing normal session packets. \par
}}
{\xe \v SetPollLayerBelow\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetPollLayerBelow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPollLayerBelow (bool {\i enable} = {\f2 true})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This allows the user to determine if during a {\b Poll()} the layer below also gets called. For single threaded applications this function has no effect as the layer below always has the {\b Poll()} called. The default is true. \par The layer below in this case is {\b XPURL}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Enable or disable layer below polling. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetPreConnect\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetPreConnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetPreConnect (const bool {\i enable} = {\f2 false})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enables or disables the pre-connect mechanism for session nodes that are joining a session. When this mechanism is enabled the joining session node will be able to exchange packets with the master session node before the node properly joins the session. The function {\b PreConnectHasFinished()} can be called to signal that the node wishes to complete a connect to the session. This function should only be used before a session node is used to join the session. The function {\b IsStable()} will not return true until the pre-connect is finished.\par The intended for this mechanism is as follows:\par 1) SetPreConnect(true) and attempts to join a session. All calls to {\b GetSessionID()} will return kXPSessionUnknownID until after this session finishes the pre-connect and the master session transmits the correct sessionID.\par 2) When {\b GetPreConnectStatus()} returns true after this session node starts a join then this session node is in a pre-connect state.\par 3) This node will send one or more user defined packets that signal that the session wants to exchange certain pre-connect data to the master session using {\b DataSendToSession()} and session ID kXPSessionUnknownID. Using the reliable packet type is recommended but not mandatory.\par 4) The master session will receive user data packets and detecting that pre-connect data has been received will in reply send a user data message to the effect that it has received this information.\par 5) The joining node receives pre-connect data from the master session, verifies the data and either completes the pre-connect by calling {\b PreConnectHasFinished()} or uses {\b Disconnect()} to abort the connection.\par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i enable} \cell }{Set this to be true to enable the pre-connect mechanism for this session node. If false then the session node will discard all pre-connect packets and the preconnection mechanism is assumed to be disabled. The default is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetTransparentPacketCompression\:RNReplicaNet::XPSession}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSession\:SetTransparentPacketCompression}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetTransparentPacketCompression (const int {\i level} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Instead of using discrete data compression for each data packet sent using {\b XPSession}, use the {\b Transport} packet compression instead. This can result in higher compression ratios. See {\b Transport::SetTransparentPacketCompression()} for more details. Note: If this compression method is enabled then use SetAutomaticPacketCompression(false) and SetEncryption(false) for best performance. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPSessionInternalBufferedPacket Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPSessionInternalBufferedPacket}
{\xe \v XPSessionInternalBufferedPacket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b XPSessionInternalBufferedPacket} (const int sessionid, const char *data, const int length, const bool reliable, const bool certain, const bool ordered, const unsigned int band){\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHP}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mSessionID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

char * {\b mData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b mLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mReliable}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mCertain}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b mOrdered}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned int {\b mBand}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHW}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPSocket Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPSocket}
{\xe \v XPSocket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMU}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <XPSocketClass.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for XPSocket:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPSocket__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPSocket} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~XPSocket} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b Create} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Connect} (const {\b XPAddress} &addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Send} (const char *data)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Send} (const char *data, const int len)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Recv} (char *const data, const int maxlen)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Close} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Listen} (const int port=XPSOCK_PORT_ANY)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Listen} (const {\b XPAddress} &addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPSocket} * {\b Accept} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b SetSendBuffer} (const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b SetRecvBuffer} (const int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetAddress} ({\b XPAddress} *const addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b GetPeerAddress} ({\b XPAddress} *const addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b MutateSocket} ({\b XPSocket} *socket)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b IsAlive} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b GetSocketPointer} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetLastError} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetMaxPacketSize} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Friends\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

class {\b XPSocketUrgent}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMV}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class is a socket which is a potential connection or actual connection to a machine. This uses the underlying {\b XPSocket} library which in turn uses the winsock or berkley sockets API. Most member functions return an XPSOCK_EERROR code. XPSOCK_EOK indicates no error. XPSOCK_EWOULDBLOCK is a non-fatal error and means the socket operation would have blocked the current thread at this point. If XPSOCK_EERROR is returned the user should use {\b XPSocket::GetLastError()} to find out the actual error code \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v XPSocket\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:XPSocket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPSocket} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor for an {\b XPSocket} This checks to make sure sockets are active and sets some initial states. At this point no connection is made for the socket \par
}{
References XPSock_Init().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Accept().}\par
}
{\xe \v ~XPSocket\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:~XPSocket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
~{\b XPSocket} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor for an {\b XPSocket} This cleans up everything for this socket \par
}{
References XPSocket::Close().}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Accept\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Accept}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPSocket} * Accept (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Accepts any pending connections for this socket. This should be used with the {\b Listen()} member function \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns NULL if no connection was pending or returns the pointer to the new connected {\b XPSocket} or pcXPSOCK_EERROR if an error occurred \par
}}{
References XPSock_Accept(), and XPSocket::XPSocket().}\par
}
{\xe \v Close\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Close}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Close (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Closes the socket but does not delete the memory for the {\b XPSocket} class \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Close().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::~XPSocket().}\par
}
{\xe \v Connect\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Connect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Connect (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to connect this socket to a network address {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address to try to connect to \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Connect().}\par
}
{\xe \v Create\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Create (void ){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a TCP style socket. This is the first stage to creating a connection \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Create().}\par
}
{\xe \v GetAddress\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:GetAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetAddress ({\b XPAddress} *const {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Fills in the internet address and port of the socket to the address structure. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address structure to fill in \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns XPSOCK_EOK or an XPSOCK_EERROR error code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_GetAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v GetLastError\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:GetLastError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetLastError (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the last error reported by the {\b XPSocket} API \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References asocket_lasterror.}\par
}
{\xe \v GetMaxPacketSize\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:GetMaxPacketSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int GetMaxPacketSize (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the maximum size for a packet \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the maximum size for a data packet for this socket \par
}}}
{\xe \v GetPeerAddress\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:GetPeerAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int GetPeerAddress ({\b XPAddress} *const {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Fills in the internet address of the peer of the socket to the address structure. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address structure to fill in \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns XPSOCK_EOK or an XPSOCK_EERROR error code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_GetPeerAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v GetSocketPointer\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:GetSocketPointer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t_XPSocket} * GetSocketPointer (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Access for the t_XPSocket pointer \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The t_XPSocket pointer associated with this class \par
}}}
{\xe \v IsAlive\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:IsAlive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool IsAlive (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tests the alive state of the socket \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns true if the socket is alive or false if the socket is dead \par
}}}
{\xe \v Listen\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Listen (const int {\i port} = {\f2 XPSOCK_PORT_ANY})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the socket listen on a certain port number {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i port} \cell }{the port number to listen on for incoming connections \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Listen().}\par
}
{\xe \v Listen\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Listen (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes the socket listen on a certain address {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address to listen on for incoming connections \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Listen().}\par
}
{\xe \v MutateSocket\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:MutateSocket}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int MutateSocket ({\b XPSocket} * {\i socket})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Mutates this socket class to use a socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket to mutate to \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns XPSOCK_EOK or an XPSOCK_EERROR error code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Close().}\par
}
{\xe \v Recv\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Recv}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Recv (char *const {\i data}, const int {\i maxlen})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to receive data that is waiting for this socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the buffer to receive the data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxlen} \cell }{the maximum length of the data buffer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the length of the data received or 0 for no data pending or an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Recv().}\par
}
{\xe \v Send\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Send}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Send (const char * {\i data})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a NULL terminated string to the peer (the connected machine) for this socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The pointer to the NULL terminated string \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v Send\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:Send}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Send (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data to the peer (the connected machine) for this socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v SetRecvBuffer\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:SetRecvBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int SetRecvBuffer (const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the size of the recv buffer for the socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{The size to set the recv buffer to or -1 to only return the value \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the new size of the recv buffer \par
}}{
References XPSock_SetRecvBuffer().}\par
}
{\xe \v SetSendBuffer\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocket}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocket\:SetSendBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int SetSendBuffer (const int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the size of the send buffer for the socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{The size to set the send buffer to or -1 to only return the value \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the new size of the send buffer \par
}}{
References XPSock_SetSendBuffer().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPSocketsHeapBlock Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPSocketsHeapBlock}
{\xe \v XPSocketsHeapBlock}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNY}
Inheritance diagram for XPSocketsHeapBlock:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPSocketsHeapBlock__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for XPSocketsHeapBlock:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPSocketsHeapBlock__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPSocketUrgent Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v XPSocketUrgent}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNQ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <XPSocketUrgentClass.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for XPSocketUrgent:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPSocketUrgent__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for XPSocketUrgent:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPSocketUrgent__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Create} (const int port=XPSOCK_PORT_ANY)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Create} (const {\b XPAddress} &addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b MakeBroadcast} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Send} (const char *data, const {\b XPAddress} &addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Send} (const char *data, const int len, const {\b XPAddress} &addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b Recv} (char *const data, const int maxlen, {\b XPAddress} *const addr)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\b GetMaxPacketSize} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An extension to the normal {\b XPSocket} class that handles urgent but unreliable packets. This call also makes use of the function in the {\b XPSocket} base class Most member functions return an XPSOCK_EERROR code. XPSOCK_EOK indicates no error. XPSOCK_EWOULDBLOCK is a non-fatal error and means the socket operation would have blocked the current thread at this point. If XPSOCK_EERROR is returned the user should use {\b XPSocket::GetLastError()} to find out the actual error code \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Create\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent\:Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Create (const int {\i port} = {\f2 XPSOCK_PORT_ANY})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates an urgent socket. Communication through this socket is faster but less reliable. A mechanism is supplied to enable data to be sent in a reliable manner but at the expense of CPU time and network bandwidth Returns XPSOCK_EERROR if an error occurred If port is zero (0) or XPSOCK_PORT_ANY then the network layer will pick a port number to be bound to Using a value of zero for the port when operating a client is advised since the any chosen port might already be in use \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns a pointer to new socket or an XPSOCK_EERROR error code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_UrgentCreate().}\par
}
{\xe \v Create\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent\:Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Create (const {\b XPAddress} & {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates an urgent socket bound to a specific address. Please see {\b Create(const int port)} for more information. \par
}{
References XPSock_UrgentCreate().}\par
}
{\xe \v GetMaxPacketSize\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent\:GetMaxPacketSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int GetMaxPacketSize (void ){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the maximum size for a packet \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the maximum size for a data packet for this socket \par
}}}
{\xe \v MakeBroadcast\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent\:MakeBroadcast}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int MakeBroadcast (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes an urgent socket broadcast capable \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast().}\par
}
{\xe \v Recv\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent\:Recv}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Recv (char *const {\i data}, const int {\i maxlen}, {\b XPAddress} *const {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Receives data from an urgent socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{pointer to a data buffer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maximum} \cell }{length of the data buffer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address of the sending socket for any data received \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the length of the data received or 0 if no data pending or an XPSOCK_EERROR error code \par
}}{
References XPSock_UrgentRecv().}\par
}
{\xe \v Send\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent\:Send}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Send (const char * {\i data}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends a NULL terminated string to the peer (the connected machine) for this socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{The pointer to the NULL terminated string \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
{\xe \v Send\:RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPSocketUrgent\:Send}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int Send (const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len}, const {\b XPAddress} & {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Send an urgent packet from the socket to the specified address. The data sent is not guaranteed to arrive at the destination. This will return XPSOCK_EUDPSENDFAILED if this method doesn't exist. If so use a non-urgent socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i the} \cell }{address and port number to send to \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK_EERROR error code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdremboss\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPURL Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPURL}
{\xe \v XPURL}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTJ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <XPURL.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for XPURL:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classRNReplicaNet_1_1XPURL__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XPURL} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual {\b ~XPURL} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b BeginEnumerateTransports} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Transport} * {\b EnumerateTransports} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b ParseURLs} (const std::string urls)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Poll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetManualPoll} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b SetAutomaticPoll} (void)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b RegisterTransport} ({\b Transport} &transport)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b RegisterDefaultTransports} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b Transport} * {\b FindTransport} (const std::string url)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static bool {\b FreeTransport} ({\b Transport} *transport)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b InitialiseNetwork} (const bool hardware=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b ShutdownNetwork} (const bool hardware=false)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b DebugHandler} * {\b RegisterDebugHandler} ({\b DebugHandler} *debugHandler=0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b DebugHandler} * {\b GetDebugHandler} (void)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b XPURL} decodes and encodes URLs and acts as a common method for interfacing various networking protocols. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v XPURL\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:XPURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b XPURL} ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The ctor for an {\b XPURL} \par
}}
{\xe \v ~XPURL\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:~XPURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual ~{\b XPURL} (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The dtor for an {\b XPURL} This cleans up everything for this class \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v BeginEnumerateTransports\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:BeginEnumerateTransports}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void BeginEnumerateTransports (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts enumerating the current number of {\b Transport} types \par
}}
{\xe \v EnumerateTransports\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:EnumerateTransports}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Transport}* EnumerateTransports (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Enumerates the {\b Transport} list, {\b BeginEnumerateTransports()} must be called before this function Call this function repeatedly in a loop to enumerate through the list \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the next {\b Transport} pointer in the list \par
}}}
{\xe \v FindTransport\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:FindTransport}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b Transport}* FindTransport (const std::string {\i url}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds the matching {\b Transport} for the URL \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The new {\b Transport} pointer for which Allocate() should be called to create a usable {\b Transport} pointer \par
}}}
{\xe \v FreeTransport\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:FreeTransport}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static bool FreeTransport ({\b Transport} * {\i transport}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Frees any resources for a Transport* returned by {\b FindTransport()}->Allocate(); \par
}}
{\xe \v GetDebugHandler\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:GetDebugHandler}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b DebugHandler}* GetDebugHandler (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the debug handler set by {\b RegisterDebugHandler()} or null. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The debug handler or null if no debugger handler is registered. \par
}}}
{\xe \v InitialiseNetwork\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:InitialiseNetwork}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void InitialiseNetwork (const bool {\i hardware} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Causes the network layer to start. This can include all system level hardware on the target platform.\par {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hardware} \cell }{Set this to be true to initialise all network hardware. The default is false. It is not necessary to manually call this since the network will start automatically when the first network related function is used. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v ParseURLs\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:ParseURLs}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string ParseURLs (const std::string {\i urls})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parses a URL and after each iteration returns a tokenised URL. The first time this function is called pass in the whole URL and on subsequent calls pass in "" \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Each iteration returns a single URL or "" to denote an end to the list of URLs \par
}}}
{\xe \v Poll\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:Poll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void Poll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This polls {\b XPURL}. Normally an application will yield enough time during threads for {\b XPURL} to function. Sometimes an application that uses a lot of 3D graphics can lock out other threads for quite some time. In these cases you may call {\b XPURL::Poll()} to yield some time to {\b XPURL} to perform housekeeping. If a reliable UDP transport is being used this function will also poll the reliable UDP manager.\par Single threaded considerations:\par When using the single threaded libraries this method should be called regularly. Unless {\b XPSession::Poll()} or {\b ReplicaNet::Poll()} is called in which case the default action is that this {\b Poll()} method is called. \par
}}
{\xe \v RegisterDebugHandler\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:RegisterDebugHandler}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b DebugHandler}* RegisterDebugHandler ({\b DebugHandler} * {\i debugHandler} = {\f2 0}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This registers an extensible debug handler for use by {\b XPURL}, {\b XPSession}, {\b ReplicaNet} and the Visual Debugger. A {\b PlatformHeap::ForceFree()} will delete the active currently registered {\b DebugHandler} class. The application can use {\b RegisterDebugHandler()} without a parameter to unregister the {\b DebugHandler} and avoid the handler being automatically freed by {\b PlatformHeap::ForceFree()}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i debugHandler} \cell }{A pointer to an instance of the debug handler class. The default value is null which disables the debugger output. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The previous debug handler pointer or null if no debugger handler was registered. \par
}}}
{\xe \v RegisterDefaultTransports\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:RegisterDefaultTransports}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void RegisterDefaultTransports (void ){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This static member function registers all of the default transports such as reliable UDP. \par
}}
{\xe \v RegisterTransport\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:RegisterTransport}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void RegisterTransport ({\b Transport} & {\i transport}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Registers a {\b Transport} pointer with the URL decoder {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i transport} \cell }{the {\b Transport} to register \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v SetAutomaticPoll\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:SetAutomaticPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetAutomaticPoll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the automatic {\b Poll()} method for this class and the reliable UDP manager.\par In multi-threading libraries this restarts the automatic polling thread so that an application does not need the call {\b Poll()}\par In single-threading libraries this method has no effect and does not start a thread.\par The default multi-threading library behaviour is to enable multi-threading automatic polls,\par The default single-threading library behaviour is to use manual polls,\par \par
}}
{\xe \v SetManualPoll\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:SetManualPoll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void SetManualPoll (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the manual {\b Poll()} method for this class and the reliable UDP manager.\par For multi-threaded libraries this turns off the automatic polling method.\par This allows an application to time exactly when polls are done.\par The application must call {\b Poll()} on a regular basis. A good place is just before or after the frame update is done. \par
}}
{\xe \v ShutdownNetwork\:RNReplicaNet::XPURL}
{\xe \v RNReplicaNet::XPURL\:ShutdownNetwork}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void ShutdownNetwork (const bool {\i hardware} = {\f2 false}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Forces the network layer to shutdown if it is started. This can include all system level hardware on the target platform. This should only be used after users of {\b XPURL} classes, such as {\b XPSession} and {\b ReplicaNet}, have been freed. This does not free all internal allocated memory blocks, an example would be for registered factory classes. To force all internal allocated memory to be released {\b RNReplicaNet::PlatformHeap::ForceFree()} should be called. A {\b PlatformHeap::ForceFree()} will call ShutdownNetwork(true). {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hardware} \cell }{Set this to be true to shutdown all network hardware. The default is false. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Documentation{\tc \v File Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
XPSocket.cpp File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
{
\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid {\f2 #include "RNPlatform/Inc/MemoryTracking.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <stdlib.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <assert.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "RNPlatform/Inc/PlatformHeap.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "RNPlatform/Inc/Rand.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <stdio.h>}\par
{\f2 #include <string.h>}\par
{\f2 #include "RNXPSockets/debug.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "RNXPSockets/Inc/XPSocket.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "RNPlatform/Inc/ThreadClass.h"}\par
{\f2 #include "RNPlatform/Inc/SysTime.h"}\par
{\f2 #include <list>}\par
{\f2 #include "RNXPSockets/Ping.h"}\par
}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Include dependency graph for XPSocket.cpp:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "XPSocket_8cpp__incl.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b XPSocketsHeapBlock}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b ImpairedPacket}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b RNmax}(a, b)\~ (((a) > (b)) ? (a) : (b)){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b RNmin}(a, b)\~ (((a) < (b)) ? (a) : (b)){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b closesocket}\~ close{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b ioctlsocket}\~ ioctl{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b SOCKET}\~ int{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b INVALID_SOCKET}\~ -1{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b SOCKET_ERROR}\~ -1{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b WSAEWOULDBLOCK}\~ EWOULDBLOCK{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b WSAECONNRESET}\~ ECONNRESET{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b WSAENOTCONN}\~ ENOTCONN{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b NO_NAGLE}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

#define {\b SOMAXCONN}\~ 0x7fffffff{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b WSAGetLastError} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void {\b XPSock_Poll} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Init} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Quit} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b XPSock_Create} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_SetSendBuffer} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_SetRecvBuffer} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, int size)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Connect} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const {\b t_XPAddress} *addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Send} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const char *data, const int len)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Recv} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, char *data, int maxlen, int flag)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Close} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Listen} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, int port)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Listen} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const {\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPAddress} *addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b XPSock_Accept} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_GetAddress} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, {\b t_XPAddress} *addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_GetPeerAddress} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, {\b t_XPAddress} *addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b XPSock_UrgentCreate} (int port)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b XPSock_UrgentCreate} (const {\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPAddress} *addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_UrgentSend} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, const char *data, int len, const {\b t_XPAddress} *addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_UrgentRecv} ({\b t_XPSocket} *socket, char *const data, int maxlen, int flag, {\b t_XPAddress} *const addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b XPSock_TranslateError} (int error)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b XPSock_TranslateErrorLong} (int error)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_GetHostName} (char *name, int name_len)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_GetHostAddress} ({\b XPAddress} *addr)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_Resolve} ({\b t_XPAddress} *resolve, const char *input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b XPSock_SentHistogram} (unsigned int *classes, int numClasses)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b XPSock_RecvHistogram} (unsigned int *classes, int numClasses)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b XPSock_GetHardwareStatus} (void)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b t_XPSocket} * {\b XPSock_ICMPCreate} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b XPSock_ICMPSendPing} ({\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPSocket} *socket, const {\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPAddress} *addr, unsigned short *retID, unsigned short *retSeq, unsigned int *retTimeSent){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b XPSock_ICMPRecvPing} ({\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPSocket} *socket, {\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPAddress} *const addr, unsigned short *retID, unsigned short *retSeq, unsigned int *retTimeElapsed){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b XPSock_ICMPWaitForPing} ({\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPSocket} *socket, const float timeoutSeconds){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b XPSock_GetSocketSelectMaxSize} (void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b XPSock_SocketSelect} ({\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPSocket} **sockets, const int numSockets, const int milliseconds){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b asocket_lasterror} = XPSOCK_EOK\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b asocket_packets_got} = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b asocket_packets_sent} = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b asocket_packets_got_size} = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b asocket_packets_sent_size} = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b asocket_packets_got_size_per_second} = 0.0f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b asocket_packets_sent_size_per_second} = 0.0f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b asocket_packets_got_per_second} = 0.0f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b asocket_packets_sent_per_second} = 0.0f\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b MutexClass} {\b g_xpsockets_lockclass}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b gXPSock_PacketLossEmulation} = false{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b gXPSock_PacketLossEmulationPercent} = 0.0f{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b gXPSock_PacketLatencyEmulation} = false{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b gXPSock_PacketLatencyEmulationBase} = 0.0f{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b gXPSock_PacketLatencyEmulationJitter} = 0.0f{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b gXPSock_UDPProtoParameter} = IPPROTO_UDP{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Simple local host packet stuff A lot like standard sockets, but made simpler with all the error handling done internally\par
Handles all these protocols transparently:\par
Localhost sockets. TCPIP using streamed and UDP connections.\par
Sockets with a permanent connection and also connectionless sockets are implemented. Every urgent socket call can be thought of as mapping to equivalent UDP packet protocols. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v NO_NAGLE\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:NO_NAGLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define NO_NAGLE}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this to turn off the Nagle packet compression algorithm \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v XPSock_Accept\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Accept}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t_XPSocket}* XPSock_Accept ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to accept any incoming connections and creates a connected socket if successful. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the new socket connection that got accepted or an XPSOCK error code or null for no socket \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, s_XPSocket::addr, asocket_lasterror, s_XPSocket::loopback_recvbuffer, XPAddress::port, s_XPSocket::state, s_XPSocket::total_accepts, s_XPSocket::type, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, XPSock_Close(), and XPSock_Create().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Accept().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Close\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Close}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Close ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Closes a socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code, XPSOCK_EOK is no error. \par
}}{
References asocket_lasterror, s_XPSocket::loopback_recvbuffer, s_XPSocket::state, s_XPSocket::type, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket6.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Close(), XPSocket::MutateSocket(), XPSock_Accept(), and XPSock_Connect().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Connect\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Connect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Connect ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const {\b t_XPAddress} * {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Connect to a machine address {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address to connect to. If addr is NULL then a local connect is tried \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code, XPSOCK_EOK is no error. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, s_XPSocket::addr, asocket_lasterror, s_XPSocket::loopback_recvbuffer, XPAddress::port, s_XPSocket::state, s_XPSocket::type, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, and XPSock_Close().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Connect().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Create\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Create}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t_XPSocket}* XPSock_Create (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a socket \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the socket pointer or XPSOCK_EERROR if an error occurred \par
}}{
References asocket_lasterror, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket6.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Create(), and XPSock_Accept().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_GetAddress\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_GetAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_GetAddress ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, {\b t_XPAddress} * {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Fills in the internet address and port of a socket to the address structure. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address structure to fill in \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns XPSOCK_EOK or an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, XPAddress::addr6, asocket_lasterror, XPAddress::port, XPAddress::port6, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, s_XPSocket::wins_socket6, and XPSock_GetHostAddress().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::GetAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_GetHardwareStatus\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_GetHardwareStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_GetHardwareStatus (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the status of the network hardware used by this socket interface. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \par
}}}
{\xe \v XPSock_GetHostAddress\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_GetHostAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_GetHostAddress ({\b XPAddress} * {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the host machine address {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the XPAddress to fill in \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPSock_GetHostName(), and XPSock_Resolve().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSock_GetAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_GetHostName\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_GetHostName}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_GetHostName (char * {\i name}, int {\i name_len})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the host machine name {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{pointer to a buffer to receive the machines textual name \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name_len} \cell }{the length of the buffer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References asocket_lasterror.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSock_GetHostAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_GetPeerAddress\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_GetPeerAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_GetPeerAddress ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, {\b t_XPAddress} * {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Fills in the internet address of the peer of a socket to the address structure. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address structure to fill in \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns XPSOCK_EOK or an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, asocket_lasterror, XPAddress::port, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::GetPeerAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Init\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Init (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This inits the socket interface \par
}{
References asocket_lasterror, and SysTime::FloatTime().}\par
{
Referenced by MyService::Main(), and XPSocket::XPSocket().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Listen\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Listen ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, int {\i port})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets a socket to be a listen socket for a certain port number. This should only really be used for a server not the client as it is better network programming practice. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i port} \cell }{the port number to listen from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code, XPSOCK_EOK is no error. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::MakeAny().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Listen().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Listen\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Listen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Listen ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const {\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPAddress} * {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets a socket to be a listen socket that is bound to the address supplied. This should only really be used for a server not the client as it is better network programming practice. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address to use. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code, XPSOCK_EOK is no error. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, asocket_lasterror, XPAddress::port, s_XPSocket::port, s_XPSocket::state, s_XPSocket::type, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket.}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Quit\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Quit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Quit (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Quits all sockets and exits Calling PlatformHeap::ForceFree() will call {\b XPSock_Quit()} if {\b XPSock_Init()} was previously called. \par
}{
References asocket_lasterror.}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Recv\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Recv}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Recv ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, char * {\i data}, int {\i maxlen}, int {\i flag})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to receive data from a socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{a char pointer to the data buffer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxlen} \cell }{the maximum length of the data buffer to receive to \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i flag} \cell }{the flag to use for this operation. Removes the read message from the queue unless XPSOCKF_PEEK is used \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the number of bytes read or 0 if no data is pending or an XPSOCK_EERROR error code. \par
}}{
References asocket_lasterror, asocket_packets_got, asocket_packets_got_size, s_XPSocket::loopback_pending, s_XPSocket::loopback_readpos, s_XPSocket::loopback_recvbuffer, s_XPSocket::state, s_XPSocket::type, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Recv().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_RecvHistogram\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_RecvHistogram}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void XPSock_RecvHistogram (unsigned int * {\i classes}, int {\i numClasses})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Supplies a histogram table and the size of the table for sent packets. Each class entry corresponds to a size of packet. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i classes} \cell }{The pointer to the array of classes. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numClasses} \cell }{The number of classes in the array. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v XPSock_Resolve\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Resolve}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Resolve ({\b t_XPAddress} * {\i resolve}, const char * {\i input})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Handy routine to resolve anything into an address {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i resolve} \cell }{the address structure to fill in with the result. Specifically the port and port6 members are left unchanged. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i input} \cell }{the textual name of a machine name to resolve \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, XPAddress::addr6, and asocket_lasterror.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSock_GetHostAddress().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_Send\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_Send}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_Send ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const char * {\i data}, const int {\i len})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tries to send data via the socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{a char pointer to the data buffer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns The number of bytes sent or an SOCKET_ERROR error code, XPSOCK_EOK is no error. \par
}}{
References asocket_lasterror, asocket_packets_sent, asocket_packets_sent_size, s_XPSocket::loopback_pending, s_XPSocket::loopback_recvbuffer, s_XPSocket::loopback_recvpos, s_XPSocket::state, s_XPSocket::type, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::Send().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_SentHistogram\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_SentHistogram}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void XPSock_SentHistogram (unsigned int * {\i classes}, int {\i numClasses})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Supplies a histogram table and the size of the table for sent packets. Each class entry corresponds to a size of packet. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i classes} \cell }{The pointer to the array of classes. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numClasses} \cell }{The number of classes in the array. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v XPSock_SetRecvBuffer\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_SetRecvBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_SetRecvBuffer ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the size of the recv buffer for a socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{The size to set the recv buffer to or -1 to only return the value \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the new size of the recv buffer \par
}}{
References s_XPSocket::wins_socket.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::SetRecvBuffer().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_SetSendBuffer\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_SetSendBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_SetSendBuffer ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, int {\i size})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the size of the send buffer for a socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i size} \cell }{The size to set the send buffer to or -1 to only return the value \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the new size of the send buffer \par
}}{
References s_XPSocket::wins_socket.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocket::SetSendBuffer().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_TranslateError\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_TranslateError}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* XPSock_TranslateError (int {\i error})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This translates an XPSocket error to a text string {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i error} \cell }{the XPSOCK error number \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns a pointer to an XPSOCK error string. \par
}}{
References s_XPErrorTranslate::text.}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_TranslateErrorLong\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_TranslateErrorLong}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* XPSock_TranslateErrorLong (int {\i error})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This translates an XPSocket error to a long descriptive text string {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i error} \cell }{the XPSOCK error number \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns a pointer to an XPSOCK long error string. \par
}}{
References s_XPErrorTranslate::longtext.}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics (void )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is automatically called by other ReplicaNet modules using the XPURL Transport system \par
}{
References asocket_packets_got, asocket_packets_got_per_second, asocket_packets_got_size, asocket_packets_got_size_per_second, asocket_packets_sent, asocket_packets_sent_per_second, asocket_packets_sent_size, asocket_packets_sent_size_per_second, SysTime::FloatTime(), and SysTime::Reset().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_UrgentCreate\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_UrgentCreate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t_XPSocket}* XPSock_UrgentCreate (int {\i port})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates an urgent socket Returns XPSOCK_EERROR if an error occurred If port is zero (0) then the network layer will pick a port number to be bound to Using a value of zero for the port when operating a client is advised since the any chosen port might already be in use {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i port} \cell }{the port number to use \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns a pointer to new socket or an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::MakeAny().}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocketUrgent::Create(), and MyService::Main().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_UrgentCreate\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_UrgentCreate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t_XPSocket}* XPSock_UrgentCreate (const {\b RNReplicaNet::t_XPAddress} * {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates an urgent socket that is bound to the address supplied. Returns XPSOCK_EERROR if an error occurred If port is zero (0) then the network layer will pick a port number to be bound to Using a value of zero for the port when operating a client is advised since the any chosen port might already be in use {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address to use. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns a pointer to new socket or an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, XPAddress::addr6, asocket_lasterror, XPAddress::port, s_XPSocket::port, XPAddress::port6, s_XPSocket::port6, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket6.}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes an urgent socket broadcast capable {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References asocket_lasterror, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket6.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocketUrgent::MakeBroadcast().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_UrgentRecv\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_UrgentRecv}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_UrgentRecv ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, char *const {\i data}, int {\i maxlen}, int {\i flag}, {\b t_XPAddress} *const {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Receives data from an urgent socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{pointer to a data buffer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maximum} \cell }{length of the data buffer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i flag} \cell }{the flag to use for this operation. Removes the read message from the queue unless XPSOCK_FPEEK is used \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i addr} \cell }{the address of the sending socket for any data received \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns the length of the data received or 0 if no data is pending or an XPSOCK_EERROR error code \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, XPAddress::addr6, asocket_lasterror, asocket_packets_got, asocket_packets_got_size, s_XPSocket::mCounter, XPAddress::port, XPAddress::port6, s_XPSocket::wins_socket, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket6.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocketUrgent::Recv().}\par
}
{\xe \v XPSock_UrgentSend\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:XPSock_UrgentSend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int XPSock_UrgentSend ({\b t_XPSocket} * {\i socket}, const char * {\i data}, int {\i len}, const {\b t_XPAddress} * {\i addr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Send an urgent packet from the socket to the specified address. This will return XPSOCK_EUDPSENDFAILED if this method doesn't exist. If so use a non-urgent socket {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i socket} \cell }{the socket pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{the pointer to the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{the length of the data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i the} \cell }{address and port number to send to \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid returns an XPSOCK error code. \par
}}{
References XPAddress::addr, asocket_lasterror, asocket_packets_sent, asocket_packets_sent_size, SysTime::FloatTime(), s_XPSocket::wins_socket, and s_XPSocket::wins_socket6.}\par
{
Referenced by XPSocketUrgent::Send().}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v asocket_lasterror\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_lasterror}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int asocket_lasterror = XPSOCK_EOK}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
asocket_lasterror This contains the last error value returned from any of the socket functions \par
}{
Referenced by XPSocket::GetLastError(), XPSock_Accept(), XPSock_Close(), XPSock_Connect(), XPSock_Create(), XPSock_GetAddress(), XPSock_GetHostName(), XPSock_GetPeerAddress(), XPSock_Init(), XPSock_Listen(), XPSock_Quit(), XPSock_Recv(), XPSock_Resolve(), XPSock_Send(), XPSock_UrgentCreate(), XPSock_UrgentMakeBroadcast(), XPSock_UrgentRecv(), and XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_got\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_got}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int asocket_packets_got = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of packets received \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Recv(), XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics(), and XPSock_UrgentRecv().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_got_per_second\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_got_per_second}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float asocket_packets_got_per_second = 0.0f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of packets received per second \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_got_size\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_got_size}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int asocket_packets_got_size = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total byte size of packets received \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Recv(), XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics(), and XPSock_UrgentRecv().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_got_size_per_second\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_got_size_per_second}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float asocket_packets_got_size_per_second = 0.0f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of packets size received per second \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_sent\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_sent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int asocket_packets_sent = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of packets sent \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Send(), XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics(), and XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_sent_per_second\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_sent_per_second}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float asocket_packets_sent_per_second = 0.0f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of packets sent per second \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_sent_size\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_sent_size}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int asocket_packets_sent_size = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total byte size of packets sent \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_Send(), XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics(), and XPSock_UrgentSend().}\par
}
{\xe \v asocket_packets_sent_size_per_second\:XPSocket.cpp}
{\xe \v XPSocket.cpp\:asocket_packets_sent_size_per_second}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float asocket_packets_sent_size_per_second = 0.0f}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Total number of packets size sent per second \par
}{
Referenced by XPSock_UpdatePerSecondMetrics().}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbknone
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw75\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}